###1
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.274196
#### IRT-Based Adaptive Hints to Scaffold Learning in Programming
0 	Over the past few decades, many studies conducted in the field of learning science have described that scaffolding plays an important role in human learning.
0 	To scaffold a learner efficiently, a teacher should predict how much support a learner must have to complete tasks and then decide the optimal degree of assistance to support the learner's development.
0 	Nevertheless, it is difficult to ascertain the optimal degree of assistance for learner development.
0 	For this study, it is assumed that optimal scaffolding is based on a probabilistic decision rule: Given a teacher's assistance to facilitate the learner development, an optimal probability exists for a learner to solve a task.
0 	To ascertain that optimal probability, we developed a scaffolding system that provides adaptive hints to adjust the predictive probability of the learner's successful performance to the previously determined certain value, using a probabilistic model, i.e., item response theory (IRT).
0 	Furthermore, using the scaffolding system, we compared learning performances by changing the predictive probability.
0 	Results show that scaffolding to achieve 0.5 learner success probability provides the best performance.
0 	Additionally, results demonstrate that a scaffolding system providing 0.5 probability decreases the number of hints (amount of support) automatically as a fading function according to the learner's growth capability.


###2
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.274370
#### Rewrite Rules for Debugging Student Programs in Programming Tutors
0 	Data-driven intelligent tutoring systems learn to provide feedback based on past student behavior, reducing the effort required for their development.
0 	A major obstacle to applying data-driven methods in the programming domain is the lack of meaningful observable actions for describing the students problem-solving process.
0 	We propose rewrite rules as a language-independent formalization of programming actions in terms of code edits.
0 	We describe a method for automatically extracting rewrite rules from students program-writing traces, and a method for debugging new programs using these rules.
0 	We used these methods to automatically provide hints in a web application for learning programming.
0 	In-class evaluation showed that students receiving automatic feedback solved problems faster and submitted fewer incorrect programs.
0 	We believe that rewrite rules provide a good basis for further research into how humans write and debug programs.


###3
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.278775
#### A Framework for Analyzing and Evaluating Architectures and Control Strategies in Distributed Remote Laboratories
0 	Remote Access Laboratories (RALs) have been used to develop experimental knowledge about practical engineering topics for a while.
0 	Distributed remote laboratories aim to share experiment among institutions and individuals through a distributed architecture.
0 	Experiments from diverse areas are combined as part of a larger system.
0 	Multiple control strategies are used to integrate experiments in Remote Laboratory Management Systems (RLMSs).
0 	This work defines two main categories to analyze the various implementations, white box and black box approaches.
0 	Experiments can be on a spectrum between these two extremes, sharing properties of both.
0 	When integrating an existing experiment into a new distributed RAL system, it is useful to evaluate the experiment with respect to its host or new RLMS for determining the best strategies to assimilate it.
0 	This paper provides a framework for such evaluation based on a number of properties of experiments.
0 	The proposed framework is called SHASS (Software, Hardware, Assessment, Support, and Share-ability) based on several factors such as the hardware used, the software to create the program, methods of sharing, user's support, and assessment of user's performance.
0 	It can be used to evaluate quality and identify options for improvements within an experiment's existing RLMS as well.
0 	Using this framework, a black box and white box approach are compared using two examples - federated and Peer-to-Peer RAL.
0 	The evaluation focuses on technical capabilities and development possibilities.
0 	A set of four experiments are also analysed to illustrate the utility of the framework in creating and improving experiments with respect to their RLMS.


###4
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.276622
#### Understanding Learning Resources Metadata for Primary and Secondary Education
0 	Educational resources can be easily found on the Web.
0 	Most search engines base their algorithms on a resource's text or popularity, requiring teachers to navigate the results until they find an appropriate resource.
0 	This makes searching for resources a tedious and cumbersome task.
0 	Specialized repositories contain resources that are annotated with metadata that aim to facilitate the discovery of quality resources.
0 	Nevertheless, the abundance and variety of content make searching a complex task.
0 	Recommender systems can assist teachers in finding the proper content by determining clusters of similar users and inferring users interest in a resource, assembling clusters of similar resources, or a mix of both.
0 	Probabilistic model-based (PMB) techniques, on the other hand, make it possible to classify resources into more than one cluster with various degrees of probability.
0 	In this paper, we used recommender systems and PMB techniques to analyze a dataset produced by primary and secondary level teachers over the course of four years and under natural conditions.
0 	We found that a hybrid recommendation, the Collaborative Topic Regression (CTR) technique, performs better than other approaches despite the high sparseness of the dataset.
0 	In addition, learning resources annotated with curriculum metadata had a positive impact on recommender's accuracy whereas free-text or other metadata negatively impacted the results.


###5
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.276359
#### The Effect of Different Features for Educational Computer-Based Competition Environments
0 	Educational computer-based competition environments need to be designed with a set of features that enhance the learning process.
0 	Although recently some frameworks for the design of educational computer-based systems (e.g., educational games) have been proposed, they do not focus on the details of the competition.
0 	Therefore, the design of educational computer-based competition environments is still an open issue.
0 	We propose the 4NESS framework for the design of such competition environments.
0 	This framework classifies the competition features into four dimensions: easiness, fairness, awareness, and adaptiveness.
0 	We designed the ISCARE educational computer-based competition environment implementing these four dimensions to evaluate and validate some included features for competition, and conducted experiments during three consecutive years.
0 	Students considered the computer-based competition environment with the proposed features, including a modification of the Swiss system, to be very easy to use, fair for pairing students, moderately fair for calculating scores, with good awareness of their state during the competition and that of their peers, and with contents of appropriate level, especially for the group working with adaptive contents.
0 	Adaptation of contents made students increase their learning gains in 0.5 sigmas during the competition.
0 	Pairings were seen as with students of similar levels.
0 	And final scores were moderately fair: while the order tends to be similar as compared to the results in the post-test, students grades with high performance tend to be lower in the competition environment.


###6
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.285680
#### Blending Digital and Face-to-Face Interaction Using a Co-Located Social Media App in Class
0 	Improving face-to-face (f2f) interaction in large classrooms is a challenging task as student participation can be hard to initiate.
0 	Thanks to the wide adoption of personal mobile devices, it is possible to blend digital and face-to-face interaction and integrate co-located social media applications in the classroom.
0 	To better understand how such applications can interweave digital and f2f interaction, we performed a detailed analysis of real-world use cases of a particular co-located social media app: SpeakUp.
0 	In a nutshell, SpeakUp allows the creation of temporary location-bound chat rooms that are accessible by nearby users who can post and rate messages anonymously.
0 	We find that the use of co-located social media is associated with an increase in content-related interaction in the class.
0 	Furthermore, it is associated with an increase in the perceived learning outcomes of students compared to a control group.
0 	We further provide design guidelines to blend digital and f2f interaction using co-located social media in the classroom based on 11 case studies covering over 2,000 students.


###7
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.278886
#### DEDOS: An Authoring Toolkit to Create Educational Multimedia Activities for Multiple Devices
0 	Information and Communication Technologies offer new possibilities for teachers to enhance their teaching methods.
0 	The increasing use of personal computers, tablets, interactive whiteboards, or even multitouch tabletops in the classrooms seems to attract the interest of the students.
0 	However, there are not many tools that allow teachers to create multimedia activities for all these technologies in an effortless way.
0 	Most of current authoring tools either focus on creating content for only one device or they do not fully exploit the benefits of rich content for designing engaging educational activities.
0 	In this paper, we present an authoring toolkit composed by two applications: DEDOS-Editor, which allow teachers to design their own learning activities, and DEDOS-Web, which allows the students to perform those activities adapting them to multiple devices.
0 	To test both tools, we have performed two evaluations.
0 	One with teachers to test the authoring tools and a second one with primary school students to test if the activities designed with this tool enhance their learning process.
0 	Results show that DEDOS-Editor is an easy to learn authoring tool which helps teachers to complement their learning methods while DEDOS-Web is flexible enough to create several learning scenarios from just one set of activities, factors which lead to achieving positive learning outcomes.


###8
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.280849
#### Game of Blazons: Helping Teachers Conduct Learning Situations That Integrate Web Tools and Multiple Types of Augmented Reality
0 	Several studies have explored how to help teachers carry out learning situations involving Augmented Reality (AR), a technology that has shown different affordances for learning.
0 	However, these works tend to rely on specific types of AR, focus on particular types of spaces, and are generally disconnected from other technologies widely used in education, such as VLEs or Web 2.0 tools.
0 	These constraints limit the possible range of activities that can be conducted and their integration into the existing classroom practice.
0 	GLUEPS-AR is a system that can help overcome these limitations, aiding teachers in the creation and enactment of learning situations that may combine multiple types of AR with other common web tools.
0 	This paper presents an evaluation study conducted on Game of Blazons, a learning situation carried out by two university teachers using GLUEPS-AR, and framed within two days of outdoor activities in a village in Spain.
0 	The evaluation showed that GLUEPS-AR provided an affordable support to the participant teachers to integrate several activities that made use of multiple types of AR, common web tools, and augmented paper, into a unique learning situation.


###9
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.277225
#### MEBook: Multimedia Social Greetings Intervention for Children with Autism Spectrum Disorders
0 	Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a developmental disorder that impairs the development of social and communication skills.
0 	There is evidence that children with ASD prefer images of self over others[1] .
0 	These studies may explain the effectiveness of video self-modeling (VSM), an evidence-based ASD intervention in which one learns by watching oneself on video performing a target behavior.
0 	VSM content is difficult to create as target behaviors are sporadic.
0 	In this paper, we propose the MEBook system which uses a Kinect sensor to inject self-images into a gesture-based social narrative to teach children with ASD proper greeting behaviors.
0 	MEBook consists of two components.
0 	The first component is a social narrative.
0 	A social narrative is an animated story about the main character meeting and greeting different cartoon characters in a particular setting.
0 	Self-modeling is achieved by first replacing the main characters face with an image of the learner, and then animating the learner's body and voice to match the narration.
0 	The second component is a positive reinforcement practice session in which the subject is prompted to greet different cartoon characters.
0 	Through depth-based body posture tracking, proper greeting behaviors are recognized and immediately reinforced with praise and visual confetti.
0 	Novel computational multimedia tools are proposed to turn video recordings of successful attempts into VSM content, thereby alleviating the tedious production process.
0 	A multiple-baseline single subject pilot study has been conducted and the preliminary results show that MEBook is potentially effective in teaching greeting behaviors to children with ASD.


###10
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.277350
#### Educational Functions and Design of Badge Systems: A Conceptual Literature Review
0 	In today's technological era, emerging educational technologies, such as digital badges, have shown the potential for fostering student learning.
0 	To examine the major considerations undergirding the design of digital badges used in an educational context, a conceptual literature review of multidisciplinary electronic databases oriented towards computing and education was undertaken.
0 	The three core design dimensions found in our analysis were the specific function of badges, the structure of badge systems, and the different types of design and interaction features used with badges.
0 	We highlight the main effects of studies addressing these dimensions and provide recommendations and suggestions for further research to educational stakeholders who seek to better understand how to implement badges within their own institutions.


###11
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.281019
#### a Web-Based Tool for Engineering Design Education
0 	This article describes the development of the Design Evaluation and Feedback Tool (DEFT), a custom-built web-based system that collects and reports data to support teaching, learning, and research in project-based engineering design education.
0 	The DEFT system collects data through short weekly questionnaires for students and instructors in engineering design classes, and uses these data to produce weekly reports for both types of user.
0 	The system is intended to engage students in reflective reporting on their experiential learning, to support educators in coaching student designers, and to serve as a data collection tool for education researchers.
0 	DEFT was developed through an iterative design and evaluation process, involving 185 students and 18 instructors at two universities.
0 	The system was evaluated using a combination of participation observation, user interviews, and anonymous questionnaires, and the results guided subsequent improvements to the system.
0 	This article describes the development and evaluation process, provides an overview of the resulting system, and ends by discussing the potential for DEFT to be used in evaluating and improving project-based design classes.


###12
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.285375
#### An Investigation of the Effects of Measuring Authentic Contexts on Geometry Learning Achievement
0 	Geometry students have few opportunities to apply geometric concepts and solve geometry problems in authentic contexts.
0 	We developed a Ubiquitous Geometry (UG) system to teach geometry to elementary students by using it to measure common objects in authentic contexts.
0 	The instant study investigates the effects of UG on student geometry estimation ability, geometry learning achievement, spatial ability, and learning geometric concepts and explores the correlations.
0 	Participants were 82 fifth grade students divided into the experiment group (EG), the ruler measurement group (RG), and the control group (CG).
0 	The results revealed that the EG students performed significantly better than the others in geometry estimation ability, geometry learning achievement, spatial ability, and understanding geometric concepts.
0 	We found that geometry estimation ability is significantly related to spatial ability and geometry learning achievement, which means fostering estimation ability through measuring authentic objects could help students to learn geometry.
0 	Finally, students perceived that UG engaged them more in geometry and improved their interest in learning because the activity designs related more to their daily life, thereby enhancing their sense of confidence and satisfaction.
0 	Conclusions include that UG effectively enhances student geometry estimation ability, geometry learning achievement, spatial ability, and understanding of geometric concepts.


###13
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.285877
#### Approaching Sustainability Learning Via Digital Serious Games
0 	Finding proper ways to address learning about sustainability is a relevant issue.
0 	Sustainability learning has to face some inherent complexities, due to two main factors: the interdisciplinary domains related to sustainability issues, such as ecology, economics, politics, and culture, and the involvement of several social structures, such as individuals, families, and communities.
0 	One recent research proposal is to exploit serious games to foster learning in this area.
0 	This resulted in a significant increase in the number of approaches discussed in the literature over the last few years.
0 	Notwithstanding this growing scenario, sustainability serious games still lack a reasoned evaluation, in order to clarify their possible applications and to define effective design strategies to approach them.
0 	To this end, in this paper, we investigate the current state of the art of serious games for sustainability, identifying, and discussing the most common applications.
0 	The research process included both scientific publications and unpublished materials.
0 	References were searched according to guiding questions, which helped focus the extraction of information, and through recursive browsing of their citations.
0 	Based on the research results, we propose a taxonomy for sustainability serious games and a classification of reviewed works according to this taxonomy.
0 	We also analyze design strategies, drawn from the literature, expressly conceived for the development of effective sustainability serious games.
0 	Finally, we discuss the current challenges and present possible areas of research in this field.


###14
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.292672
#### Collaborative Educational Environments Incorporating Mixed Reality Technologies: A Systematic Mapping Study
0 	In this paper, we report findings from a systematic mapping study, conducted to review the existing literature on collaborative educational environments incorporating mixed reality technologies.
0 	There is increasing interest in mixed reality technologies in education, especially with the introduction of new over head mounted displays (OHMDs), such as HoloLens, Oculus Rift, and HTC Vive.
0 	with the consideration of areas, such as education, dynamic technology, and complex environments, a research area is identified.
0 	We carried out an extensive review of the literature from 2007 to 2017 and conducted an analysis of the works on mixed reality technologies and its subcategories applied to collaborative education environments.
0 	Results highlighted the lack of research across the mixed reality spectrum, especially in the augmented virtuality subcategory, as well as technical limitations such as response time in the development of mixed reality technologies for collaborative environments.
0 	Furthermore, the difficulty of teaching professionals to replicate mixed reality experiments in real environments, due to the technical skills required, was identified.
0 	The main contribution of this paper is the discussion of the current works with visualization of the present state of the area, which is aimed to encourage educators to develop mixed reality artefacts and conduct further research to support collaborative educational environments.


###15
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.285879
#### Exploring Student Interactions With Preparation Activities in a Flipped Classroom Experience
0 	The success of the flipped classroom (FC) is effectively reliant on the level of student engagement with the preparatory activities prior to attending face-to-face teaching sessions.
0 	Information about the nature and level of student engagement with these activities can help instructors make informed decisions regarding how to best support student learning.
0 	Despite the comprehensive data collection enabled by the increasing presence of education technologies, few studies have used these data to investigate the range of strategies students employ in FC models.
0 	This study addresses this deficit by proposing an analytical approach that allows for exploring, first, the strategies students use to interact with online preparation activities; and, second, evolution of those strategies over the duration of a course delivered with a FC pedagogy.
0 	The proposed approach identified eight learning strategies and six trajectories of strategy change over the duration of the course, with statistically significant effects of strategy change trajectories on academic performance.


###16
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.285158
#### How Teachers Make Dashboard Information Actionable
0 	This study investigates how teachers use dashboards in primary school classrooms.
0 	While learners practice on a tablet real-time data indicating learner progress and performance is displayed on teacher dashboards.
0 	This study examines how teachers use the dashboards, applying Verberts’ learning analytics process model.
0 	Teacher dashboard consultations and resulting pedagogical actions were observed in 38 mathematics lessons.
0 	In stimulated recall interviews, the 38 teachers were asked to elaborate on how they reflect on and make sense of the information on the dashboard.
0 	The results showed that teachers consulted the dashboard on average 8.3 times per lesson.
0 	Teachers activated existing knowledge about students and the class to interpret dashboard information.
0 	Task and process feedback were the pedagogical actions most often used following dashboard consultation.
0 	Additionally, teachers who consulted the dashboard more often activated more and more diverse pedagogical knowledge to interpret the data and, consequently, gave more and more diverse feedback.
0 	These results indicated that teacher dashboards were indeed influencing teachers’ pedagogical actions in their daily classroom activities.
0 	This study provided the first evidence that dashboards progressively impact teaching practice and initiate more profound behavioral changes as teachers become more proficient in using them.


###17
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.283311
#### Inquiry-Based Learning With RoboGen: An Open-Source Software and Hardware Platform for Robotics and Artificial Intelligence
0 	It has often been found that students appreciate hands-on work, and find that they learn more with courses that include a project than those relying solely on conventional lectures and tests.
0 	This type of project driven learning is a key component of “Inquiry-based learning” (IBL), which aims at teaching methodology as well as content by incorporating the student as an actor rather than a spectator.
0 	Robotics applications are especially well-suited for IBL due to the value of trial and error experience, the multiple possibilities for students to implement their own ideas, and the importance of programming, problem-solving, and electro-mechanical skills in real world engineering and science jobs.
0 	Furthermore, robotics platforms can be useful teaching media and learning tools for a variety of topics.
0 	Here, we present RoboGen: an open-source, web-based, software, and hardware platform for Robotics and Artificial Intelligence with a particular focus on Evolutionary Robotics.
0 	We describe the platform in detail, compare it to existing alternatives, and present results of its use as a platform for Inquiry-based learning within a master's level course at the Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne.


###18
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.284071
#### Persuasive Technologies in m-Learning for Training Professionals: How to Keep Learners Engaged With Adaptive Triggering
0 	Global corporations are characterized by a large number of employees and geographically dispersed offices.
0 	Moreover, the competitiveness in the global market requires them to invest in their human resources to be able to remain a step ahead of competition.
0 	Implementing large scale classical education in such environments is challenging and costly.
0 	Mobile e-learning (m-learning) allows users to tailor their professional training and education to their needs and time constraints.
0 	However, in self-paced education, it is very hard to keep user retention and engagement.
0 	To achieve the latter, we have designed and developed an m-learning platform for corporate environments based on the triggering persuasive technology principle that try to incite users in regularly using the platform.
0 	We have evaluated the application in-the-wild in corporate environments of differently sized companies with 300 users.
0 	Users were subjected to three different conditions: no triggering, simple regular triggering, and adaptive triggering.
0 	The results show that the use of adaptive triggering in m-learning increases user engagement as well as course completion rates more than simple regular triggering and no triggering.


###19
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.285680
#### Prediction in MOOCs: A Review and Future Research Directions
0 	This paper surveys the state of the art on prediction in MOOCs through a systematic literature review (SLR).
0 	The main objectives are: first, to identify the characteristics of the MOOCs used for prediction, second, to describe the prediction outcomes, third, to classify the prediction features, fourth, to determine the techniques used to predict the variables, and, fifth, to identify the metrics used to evaluate the predictive models.
0 	Results show there is strong interest in predicting dropouts in MOOCs.
0 	A variety of predictive models are used, though regression and support vector machines stand out.
0 	There is also wide variety in the choice of prediction features, but clickstream data about platform use stands out.
0 	Future research should focus on developing and applying predictive models that can be used in more heterogeneous contexts (in terms of platforms, thematic areas, and course durations), on predicting new outcomes and making connections among them (e.g., predicting learners’ expectancies), on enhancing the predictive power of current models by improving algorithms or adding novel higher-order features (e.g., efficiency, constancy, etc.
0 	).


###20
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.286174
#### Reducing Cognitive Load During Closed Concept Map Construction and Consequences on Reading Comprehension and Retention
0 	Computer-assisted concept map building from provided pieces by using Kit-build is an activity which can promote comprehension and retention.
0 	However, users are burdened with searching for pieces and organizing the layout, which are believed to increase the overall cognitive load of the activity.
0 	In this paper, we describe the Airmap interface, which uses automatic layout management and spatial separation to improve cognitive load during concept map building.
0 	Two experiments were done in which participants ($N= 60, N=50$) built a map after reading a text.
0 	Results show that Airmap is successful in reducing cognitive load without significant differences in immediate reading comprehension.
0 	However, there is a significant difference in performance after a two week retention period.
0 	Results give new insight into the retention enhancing aspects of building closed concept maps, indicating that the cognitive load reduced by the new interface is of the germane type, affecting how deep in memory users commit the information.


###21
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.285930
#### Systematic Review of Discussion Forums in Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs)
0 	Discussion forums are the primary and most widely used venue for social learning and communication in MOOC context.
0 	There has been an interest in the last few years to study the interactions and participation behavior in this environment.
0 	This systematic review studied eighty-four papers published between 2013–2017 to provide a state of the art, and suggest future directions in the literature from two perspectives: descriptive analysis and content analysis.
0 	The descriptive analysis aggregates the reviewed papers into five dimensions: time of the publication, stakeholders involved in the analysis, objectives, methods, and data sources used in the studies.
0 	The content analysis aims to highlight the main issues addressed and the major contributions of the papers covered by the literature review.
0 	These contributions can be categorized into three major areas, first, explore the relationship between forums participation and retention or learning outcomes and evaluate ways to increase the participation activity and learning outcomes, second, analyze participants’ contribution in the forum and how to organize the content and efficiently monitor them, finally, analyze participants’ interactions and how it influences learning.
0 	At the end, we offer some suggestions to further advance this area of research.


###22
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.286541
#### The Evaluation of a Serious Game to Improve Cross-Cultural Competence
0 	Despite the growth in the use of serious games to train and evaluate cross-cultural competence, few studies have examined the content & dialogue development methods associated with these training systems.
0 	This study presents a framework for generating content for serious games targeting culturally appropriate communication and an evaluation of a game designed with the framework showing improved performance.
0 	This framework provides a means for game developers to leverage existing Cultural Dimension Theory to target training objectives tailored to specific participant types.
0 	A study experiment with 25 participants compares the effects a training system using this framework has on participants’ in-game score versus no training.
0 	Results show significant differences in game score when controlling for Cultural Intelligence.
0 	Additionally, the results show significant differences in variance between the trained group and the control group.
0 	These findings contribute to the current understanding of content development methods with respect to Cultural Training Serious Games.
0 	These findings warrant further investigation to understand the significance to other cultural training applications.


###23
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.271416
#### Understanding the Role of Micro-Blogging in B-Learning Activities: Kelluwen Experiences in Chilean Public Schools
0 	With the goal of incorporating the use of social network tools into the formal curriculum of public schools in Chile, Kelluwen developed a b-learning approach in which students work in groups and engage in peer review dynamics.
0 	To support such activities, the Kelluwen platform provides a complementary micro-blogging tool called Worklog.
0 	In this study, we analyze data collected from Worklog messages generated by 101 cohorts of students from different schools and different levels, who participated in Kelluwen activities.
0 	We first used machine learning techniques to discover three types of messages which coincide with three dialogic functions; referential, phatic, and emotional.
0 	We then analyze how different factors of the cohort and group setup relate to the presence of different dialogic functions in Worklog.
0 	Results show the positive effect of pairing groups of students from different schools, and the positive influence of teacher participation.
0 	Our work contributes to the discussion on the role of technological social tools on the implementation of complex b-learning activities in schools, as well as demonstrating how automatic and semi-automatic data analysis techniques can be used to better understand such complex interventions.


###24
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.273234
#### User-Centric Evaluation of Recommender Systems in Social Learning Platforms: Accuracy is Just the Tip of the Iceberg
0 	Recommender systems provide users with content they might be interested in.
0 	Conventionally, recommender systems are evaluated mostly by using prediction accuracy metrics only.
0 	But, the ultimate goal of a recommender system is to increase user satisfaction.
0 	Therefore, evaluations that measure user satisfaction should also be performed before deploying a recommender system in a real target environment.
0 	Such evaluations are laborious and complicated compared to the traditional, data-centric evaluations, though.
0 	In this study, we carried out a user-centric evaluation of state-of-the-art recommender systems as well as a graph-based approach in the ecologically valid setting of an authentic social learning platform.
0 	We also conducted a data-centric evaluation on the same data to investigate the added value of user-centric evaluations and how user satisfaction of a recommender system is related to its performance in terms of accuracy metrics.
0 	Our findings suggest that user-centric evaluation results are not necessarily in line with data-centric evaluation results.
0 	We conclude that the traditional evaluation of recommender systems in terms of prediction accuracy only does not suffice to judge performance of recommender systems on the user side.
0 	Moreover, the user-centric evaluation provides valuable insights in how candidate algorithms perform on each of the five quality metrics for recommendations: usefulness, accuracy, novelty, diversity, and serendipity.


###25
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.272241
#### Supporting Student Engagement Through Explorable Visual Narratives
0 	This paper introduces VisEN, a novel visual narrative framework that has been shown to facilitate, support, and enhance student engagement in an adaptive Online Learning Environment (OLE).
0 	VisEN provides explorable visual narratives personalized to students in order to support them in engaging with course content.
0 	The evaluation of VisEN showed that the explorable visual narratives encouraged the majority of `improving engagement students', that completed the Information Management and Data Engineering module as part of their undergraduate degree, to engage with assigned activities, and subsequently these learners enhanced their engagement levels.
0 	Visualizations have been used in OLEs to support students by presenting student data.
0 	Information Visualization research has demonstrated the value of visual narratives in communicating a message, by highlighting facts and making the message more memorable.
0 	In addition, visual data exploration can support users in understandings the message.
0 	However, in OLEs, explorable visual narratives have not been used to date to support student engagement or to guide learners through a message that they could explore and understand.
0 	This paper evaluates the impact that explorable visual narratives had on student course engagement during two successive academic years.


###26
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.272338
#### Jutge.org: Characteristics and Experiences
0 	Jutge.org is an open educational online programming judge designed for students and instructors, featuring a repository of problems that is well organized by courses, topics, and difficulty.
0 	Internally, Jutge.org uses a secure and efficient architecture and integrates modern verification techniques, formal methods, static code analysis, and data mining.
0 	Jutge.org has exhaustively been used during the last decade at the Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya to strengthen the learning-by-doing approach in several courses.
0 	This paper presents the main characteristics of Jutge.org and shows its use and impact on a wide range of courses covering basic programming, data structures, algorithms, artificial intelligence, functional programming, and circuit design.


###27
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.274017
#### Can Knowledge Awareness Tools Help Seek Learning Partners with Complementary Knowledge?
0 	The present study aims to empiricaly demonstrate the viability and benefits of an awareness-based approach to diversify knowledge between potential learning partners.
0 	Groups of four learners studied lesson material on biology.
0 	After a knowledge test, the groups were to form collaborative learning dyads.
0 	Based on the test, a novel knowledge discrepancy calculation tool discerned group configurations with maximal and minimal discrepancies in knowledge between potential learning partners.
0 	In the experimental condition, groups were made aware of the results of this calculation; in the control condition, groups were asked to form dyads absent any additional guidance.
0 	The significant majority of groups in the experimental condition formed dyads with maximal knowledge discrepancy between partners.
0 	The majority of groups in the control condition formed dyads based on factors unrelated to learning.
0 	We anticipated that in dyads with discrepant knowledge, partners will be better able to fill each other's knowledge gaps.
0 	Although a significant difference between conditions did not transpire, there was a significant correlation between knowledge discrepancy and learning gain across conditions.
0 	The implications of these findings for effective learning group organization are discussed; implementation of the calculation tool in classrooms and MOOCs is proposed.


###28
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.272388
#### CCESK: A Chinese Character Educational System Based on Kinect
0 	In this paper, a Chinese character educational system based on Kinect is proposed for guiding beginners to learn the basics of Chinese characters in a more intuitive way.
0 	It extracts 19 common components, denoted as alphabets, from Chinese characters.
0 	Nineteen postures were designed according to the shapes of these alphabets.
0 	Instead of memorizing Chinese characters through repetitive copying, students can first associate an alphabet with the corresponding designed posture.
0 	Then, they break down a Chinese character into a set of alphabets in order to perform the sequence of corresponding postures so that they can easily remember the whole character.
0 	Our proposed system contains two major functions: (1) the learning function that is responsible for delivering the courseware, and (2) the testing function that is used to let students acquire their learning progress through some tests.
0 	A rule-based algorithm is designed to recognize the students' input postures captured from the Kinect motion sensor so as to determine whether the students have performed the correct postures.
0 	We conducted a survey which involved 90 students to try our proposed system as well as two other learning modes for comparison.
0 	Moreover, we have interviewed those 30 students who had tried our proposed system with some open-ended questions.
0 	The positive results show that the proposed system can promote students' experiences in learning Chinese characters.


###29
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.272017
#### Detecting Plagiarism Based on the Creation Process
0 	All methodologies for detecting plagiarism to date have focused on the final digital “outcome”, such as a document or source code.
0 	Our novel approach takes the creation process into account using logged events collected by special software or by the macro recorders found in most office applications.
0 	We look at an author's interaction logs with the software used to create the work.
0 	Detection relies on comparing the histograms of multiple logs' command use.
0 	A work is classified as plagiarism if its log deviates too much from logs of “honestly created” works or if its log is too similar to another log.
0 	The technique supports the detection of plagiarism for digital outcomes that stem from unique tasks, such as theses and equal tasks such as assignments for which the same problem sets are solved by multiple students.
0 	Focusing on the latter case, we evaluate this approach using logs collected by an interactive development environment (IDE) from more than 60 students who completed three programming assignments.


###30
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.272073
#### Predicting Students Disengaged Behaviors in an Online Meaning-Generation Task
0 	In an intelligent tutoring system (ITS), it can be useful to know when a student has disengaged from a task and might benefit from a particular intervention.
0 	However, predicting disengagement on a trial-by-trial basis is a challenging problem, particularly in complex cognitive domains.
0 	In the present work, data-driven methods were used to address two aspects of this problem: identification of predictive features at the single-trial level, and selection of accurate and robust models.
0 	Experiment data were collected in a middle-school classroom using a vocabulary training ITS.
0 	On each trial, the ITS presented a low-frequency (Tier 2 or frontier) word and prompted students to type in the word's meaning.
0 	Single-trial measures-including the orthographic and semantic accuracy of each response, and context-sensitive measures such as interaction patterns across trials-were computed throughout the task.
0 	There were two key findings.
0 	First, as expected, different features predicted when a student was likely to be more engaged (e.g., high semantic accuracy) or less engaged (e.g., repetition of same or similar words across consecutive trials).
0 	Second, there was added value in representing context-sensitive information, which captures patterns of performance over time, as well as trial-specific information.
0 	These findings provide useful insights into effective methods for representing and modeling temporal patterns of student engagement in an ITS, especially those related to language learning.
0 	Such models may be useful in the design and implementation of adaptive tutors in complex cognitive domains like language learning.


###31
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.273177
#### Design of Large Scale Virtual Equipment for Interactive HIL Control System Labs
0 	This paper presents a method to design high-quality 3D equipment for virtual laboratories.
0 	A virtual control laboratory is designed on large-scale educational purpose with merits of saving expenses for universities and can provide more opportunities for students.
0 	The proposed laboratory with more than 30 virtual instruments aims at offering students a convenient experiment as well as an extensible framework for experiments in a collaborative way.
0 	Hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) simulations with realistic 3D animations can be an efficient and safe way for verification of control algorithms.
0 	Advanced 3D technologies are adopted to achieve convincing performance.
0 	In addition, accurate mechanical movements are designed for virtual devices using real-time data from hardware-based simulations.
0 	Many virtual devices were created using this method and tested through experiments to show the efficacy.
0 	This method is also suitable for other virtual applications.
0 	The system has been applied to a creative automatic control experiment course in the Harbin Institute of Technology.
0 	The assessment and student surveys show that the system is effective in student's learning.


###32
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.272067
#### Learning Analytics Dashboards to Support Adviser-Student Dialogue
0 	This paper presents LISSA (“Learning dashboard for Insights and Support during Study Advice”), a learning analytics dashboard designed, developed, and evaluated in collaboration with study advisers.
0 	The overall objective is to facilitate communication between study advisers and students by visualizing grade data that is commonly available in any institution.
0 	More specifically, the dashboard attempts to support the dialogue between adviser and student through an overview of study progress, peer comparison, and by triggering insights based on facts as a starting point for discussion and argumentation.
0 	We report on the iterative design process and evaluation results of a deployment in 97 advising sessions.
0 	We have found that the dashboard supports the current adviser-student dialogue, helps them motivate students, triggers conversation, and provides tools to add personalization, depth, and nuance to the advising session.
0 	It provides insights at a factual, interpretative, and reflective level and allows both adviser and student to take an active role during the session.


###33
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.278765
#### Linked Data in Education: A Survey and a Synthesis of Actual Research and Future Challenges
0 	Linked Data principles and technologies are being investigated in various areas.
0 	In the Educational context, many studies are using Linked Data trying to solve problems of interoperability of educational data and resources, enriching educational content, and personalizing and recommending educational content and practices.
0 	This article presents a systematic mapping of proposals which have been adopting Linked Data to support education, and, based on analysis of these proposals, we discuss the tools, vocabularies, and datasets being used, providing a research landscape of the area.
0 	We also present challenges and trends which can foster future research in this area.


###34
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.259477
#### Can a Non-Cognitive Learning Companion Increase the Effectiveness of a Meta-Cognitive Learning Strategy?
0 	This project aimed to improve students' learning and task performance using a non-cognitive learning companion in the context of both a tutor and a meta-tutor.
0 	The tutor taught students how to construct models of dynamic systems and the meta-tutor taught students a learning strategy.
0 	The non-cognitive learning companion was designed to increase students' effort and persistence in using the learning strategy.
0 	It decided when to intervene and what to say using both log data and affective state monitoring via a facial expression camera and a posture sensor.
0 	Experiments with high school students showed that the non-cognitive learning companion increased students' learning and performance.
0 	However, it had no effect on performance during a transfer phase in which the learning companion, meta-tutor, and tutor were all absent.
0 	The transfer phase null effect must be interpreted with caution due to low power, a possible floor effect, and other issues.


###35
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.262330
#### A Framework for Educational Technologies that Support Representational Competencies
0 	Visual representations are ubiquitous in STEM disciplines.
0 	Yet, students' difficulties in learning with visual representations are well documented.
0 	Therefore, to succeed in STEM, students need representational competencies-the ability to use visual representations for problem solving and learning.
0 	Educational technologies that support students' acquisition of representational competencies can significantly enhance their success in STEM disciplines.
0 	Current design frameworks for educational technologies do not offer sufficient guidance to develop supports for representational competencies.
0 	This paper presents a new design framework that describes an iterative, step-by-step approach for the design of educational technologies that support representational competencies (SUREC) in a way that aligns with the demands specific to the target discipline.
0 	The paper illustrates how this framework was used to inform the design of an intelligent tutoring system for undergraduate chemistry.
0 	An evaluation study suggests that the SUREC framework yielded an effective educational technology that enhances students' learning of content knowledge.


###36
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.258216
#### A Novel Group Engagement Score for Virtual Learning Environments
0 	STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math) education is currently receiving much attention from governments and educational institutions.
0 	Our work is based on active learning and video-based learning approaches to support STEM education.
0 	Here, we aimed to increase student's engagement through reflective processes that embrace video film-making, and subsequent on-line discussion and evaluation of those videos.
0 	We propose a group engagement score that takes into account both individual activity and similarity of participation, thus allowing corrective actions to be taken when unengaged students or groups are identified.
0 	We tested these ideas using our own social learning platform that combines the principal features of Social Networks with tools that facilitate collaborative learning design.
0 	This platform stimulates students' learning by means of two main reflective processes: participatory production and peer-review.
0 	We evaluated this platform and the learning approach it supports in an Object Oriented Programming course and identified interesting differences between group engagement and video ratings.
0 	Our principal conclusion is that greater teacher and student awareness of the ongoing activities and group engagement are needed.


###37
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.259195
#### Towards New Multiplatform Hybrid Online Laboratory Models
0 	Online laboratories have traditionally been split between virtual labs, with simulated components; and remote labs, with real components.
0 	The former tend to provide less realism but to be easily scalable and less expensive to maintain, while the latter are fully real but tend to require a higher maintenance effort and be more error-prone.
0 	This technical paper describes an architecture for hybrid labs merging the two approaches, in which virtual and real components interact with each other.
0 	The goal is to leverage the advantages of each type of lab.
0 	The architecture is fully web-based and multiplatform, which is in line with the industry and the remote laboratory community trends.
0 	Only recently has this become technically feasible for graphic-intensive laboratories due to previous limitations in browser-based graphical technologies.
0 	This architecture relies on the recent HTML5 and WebGL standards to overcome these limitations, and makes use of the Unity technology.
0 	To ensure that the proposed architecture is suitable, we set requirements based on the literature, we compare it with other approaches, and we examine its scope, strengths, and weaknesses.
0 	Additionally, we illustrate it with a concrete hybrid lab and we evaluate its benefits and potential through educational experiments.


###38
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.259346
#### A Novel Wiki-Based Remote Laboratory Platform for Engineering Education
0 	With the unprecedented growth of e-learning, more and more new IT technologies are used to develop e-learning tools.
0 	As one of the most common forms of social computing, Wiki technology has been used to develop the collaborative and cooperative learning platform to support multiple users learning online effectively.
0 	In this paper, we propose a new software architecture to create a novel wiki-based remote laboratory platform by combining the advantages of both Wiki technology and remote laboratory technology.
0 	This platform is implemented based on a unified framework for remote laboratory development and an open source wiki software package, MediaWiki.
0 	To illustrate the effectiveness of this platform, two remote experiments, Smart Vibration Platform (SVP) and Proportional-Integral-Derivative (PID) motor speed control, are integrated into this platform.
0 	This new wiki-based remote laboratory has been used for teaching Mechanical Engineering courses and creating students' assignments at the University of Houston.


###39
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.263212
#### A Case Study in User Support for Managing OpenSim Based Multi User Learning Environments
0 	Immersive 3D Multi User Learning Environments (MULE) have shown sufficient success to warrant their consideration as a mainstream educational paradigm.
0 	These are based on 3D Multi User Virtual Environment platforms (MUVE), and although they have been used for various innovative educational projects their complex permission systems and large numbers of functions can make their management potentially challenging.
0 	It follows that an inadequately managed MULE can be ineffective with respect to intended learning outcomes.
0 	The purpose of this research was to determine how management challenges manifest themselves and how to support educators in learning and applying MULE management skills.
0 	We utilized the popular OpenSim platform for this study.
0 	First, a survey of the need for user support (${\mathrm{N\,= \,43}}$) is described.
0 	Next, the design and evaluation of a guidance tool using graph topologic visualization of OpenSim functions is presented (${\mathrm{N\,= \,211}}$).
0 	The tool is further evaluated in the delivery of a course module.
0 	The analysis and user feedback indicated that the tool provides accurate information and helpful support for MULE management.
0 	As the final phase of the research, training environments were developed for both basic and advanced OpenSim MULE management.
0 	Evaluations of their usability and perceived educational value were carried out with participants (${\mathrm{N\,= \,68}}$); the outcomes suggest that training for advanced MULE management is more useful for all users, without requiring more time or effort, regardless of the degree of complexity of the MULE being designed.


###40
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.259953
#### Impact of Using a Robot Patient for Nursing Skill Training in Patient Transfer
0 	In the past few decades, simulation training has been used to help nurses improve their patient-transfer skills.
0 	However, the effectiveness of such training remains limited because it lacks effective ways of simulating patients' actions realistically.
0 	It is difficult for nurses to use the skills learned from simulation training to transfer an actual patient.
0 	Therefore, we developed a robot patient that could simulate the behavior of patients' limbs for patient-transfer training.
0 	This study examined the performance of the robot used in training and evaluated its training effectiveness.
0 	Four nursing teachers individually transferred the robot patient and then scored the robot patient's ability to simulate patients' actions and its suitability for skill training.
0 	An experiment using pre-post control group design was carried out to examine the robot patient's training effectiveness compared with the human simulated patient.
0 	The participants were 20 nursing students and one nursing teacher who was responsible for scoring the students' skills in the pre-test and post-test.
0 	All of the students were assigned to train with either the proposed robot patient or a healthy person simulating the patient.
0 	The results show that all four nursing teachers regarded the robot patient's actions as realistic.
0 	In addition, all four teachers agreed that the robot patient was suitable for skill training.
0 	The results also show that the proposed robot patient is more challenging than the current method, which employs a healthy person to simulate the patient.
0 	Significant skill improvement (p <; 0.01) was observed in the experimental group when transferring the robot patient.


###41
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.258343
#### IP Addressing: Problem-Based Learning Approach on Computer Networks
0 	The case study presented in this paper describes the pedagogical aspects and experience gathered while using an e-learning tool named IPA-PBL.
0 	Its main purpose is to provide additional motivation for adopting theoretical principles and procedures in a computer networks course.
0 	In the proposed model, the sequencing of activities of the learning process is grouped into three phases based on educational goals.
0 	In this way, the same tool is used on several courses with different curricula.
0 	In IPA-PBL, problem-based learning (PBL) is applied as a pedagogical strategy, as well as a set of concrete methods implemented in the software.
0 	Together with the pedagogical model, specific domain ontology is designed.
0 	In this way, the learner's knowledge can be analyzed in order to collect data necessary for the dynamic adaptation of system behavior.
0 	The results collected while using IPA-PBL are compared to those obtained without using the system.
0 	Statistical analysis, together with pertaining considerations and conclusions, are also presented in the paper.


###42
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.258848
#### Needles in the Haystack: Finding Content Worth Preparing for Workplace Learning with the KEP Model
0 	Knowledge transfer between employees is a primary concern in organizations.
0 	Employees create or acquire content that partially represents knowledge.
0 	These knowledge elements are specific to the context in and for which they are created and rarely address the learning needs of other employees in other work situations.
0 	Organizations therefore need to support the preparation of knowledge elements to facilitate knowledge transfer, but often have limited resources to process a plethora of content.
0 	This paper presents the Knowledge Element Preparation (KEP) model that helps to structure the complex decision to select knowledge elements worthy of preparation out of ample available content and assign them to preparation tasks.
0 	The model combines the benefits of prepared knowledge elements in workplace learning, which we identified in an ethnographically informed study of a software development company, with efforts discussed in the literature.
0 	We implemented and reflected on the model in a case study of a research and development project.
0 	Our findings suggest that we can estimate the benefits of adaptively delivered content based on the importance of topics, types of knowledge elements, and preparation tasks.
0 	We also contribute personas, dimensions of knowledge elements, and knowledge work situations as instruments to facilitate the instantiation of the KEP model.


###43
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.259816
#### Teaching with a Dual-Channel Classroom Feedback System in the Digital Classroom Environment
0 	Teaching with a classroom feedback system can benefit both teaching and learning practices of interactivity.
0 	In this paper, we propose a dual-channel classroom feedback system integrated with a back-end e-Learning system.
0 	The system consists of learning agents running on the students' computers and a teaching agent running on the instructor's computer.
0 	The learning agent collects both instructional and social responses from the students and then sends them back to the instructor's computer through a two-channel mechanism.
0 	The instructional responses are obtained by recognizing the spoken keywords; while the social responses are obtained by analyzing the social signals provided by students' head movements.
0 	Later, the teaching agent displays the summarized responses on the teaching dashboard for the instructor to evaluate their teaching practices.
0 	Empirical experiment results show that the system has an acceptable performance and provides enhanced interactivity in both learning and teaching.
0 	Also, further analysis reveals that the dual-channel mechanism not only provides the basic functions of a classroom feedback system, the student's responses to the instructor's questions, but also promotes both students and instructors to be engaged and attentive in class.
0 	As the two-channel feedback mechanism can be embedded into an e-Learning system, the proposed system is an enhancement of a digital classroom environment.
0 	In short, with the help of the two-channel feedback mechanism, interactivity on teaching practices and learning activities can be greatly improved.
0 	Students can then acquire a much better learning experience and satisfaction.


###44
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.251509
#### Adaptive Social Learning Based on Crowdsourcing
0 	Many techniques have been developed to enhance learning experience with computer technology.
0 	A particularly great influence of technology on learning came with the emergence of the web and adaptive educational hypermedia systems.
0 	While the web enables users to interact and collaborate with each other to create, organize, and share knowledge via user-generated content, majority of e-learning systems do not utilize the power of their users to create high quality educational content and provide data for adaptive algorithms.
0 	In this paper, we introduce a novel social learning framework that allows anybody to author educational content in a form of mini-lessons, learn lessons by following adaptive learning pathways as well as interact with their peers as in any social network.
0 	The proposed approach combines concepts of crowd-sourcing, online social networks, and complex adaptive systems to engage users in efficient learning through teaching process.
0 	We first describe the main idea behind the framework and how users interact with it, and then we describe SALT system that implements the framework.
0 	We also performed evaluation of the SALT system via several classroom studies.
0 	Our results show that collective learning experiences can be efficiently utilized in adaptive social learning.
0 	We found that students tend to form stable clusters that survive very high similarity threshold.
0 	Meanwhile, our learning pathway analysis showed that almost all students have their own unique best pathway.
0 	Experiments with various recommendation algorithms showed that most algorithms obtain very small penalty in all classes.


###45
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.251338
#### Integrating Model-Driven and Data-Driven Techniques for Analyzing Learning Behaviors in Open-Ended Learning Environments
0 	Research in computer-based learning environments has long recognized the vital role of adaptivity in promoting effective, individualized learning among students.
0 	Adaptive scaffolding capabilities are particularly important in open-ended learning environments, which provide students with opportunities for solving authentic and complex problems, and the choice to adopt a variety of strategies and approaches to solving these problems.
0 	To help students overcome their difficulties and become effective learners and problem solvers, we have to develop methods that can track and interpret students' open-ended learning and problem-solving behaviors.
0 	The complexity of the problems and the open-ended nature of the solution processes pose considerable challenges to accurately interpret and evaluate student behaviors and performance as they work on the system.
0 	In this paper, we develop a framework that combines model-driven strategy detection with data-driven pattern discovery for analyzing students' learning activity data in open-ended environments.
0 	We present results from an in-depth case study of multiple activity patterns identified in data from the Betty's Brain learning environment.
0 	The results illustrate the benefits of combining model- and data-driven techniques to precisely characterize the learning behavior of students in an open-ended environment.


###46
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.251442
#### Learning How to Construct Models of Dynamic Systems: An Initial Evaluation of the Dragoon Intelligent Tutoring System
0 	Constructing models of dynamic systems is an important skill in both mathematics and science instruction.
0 	However, it has proved difficult to teach.
0 	Dragoon is an intelligent tutoring system intended to quickly and effectively teach this important skill.
0 	This paper describes Dragoon and an evaluation of it.
0 	The evaluation randomly assigned students in a university class to either Dragoon or baseline instruction that used Dragoon as an editor only.
0 	Among students who did use their systems, the tutored students scored reliably higher (p <; .021, d = 1.06) on the post-test than the students who used only the conventional editor-based instruction.


###47
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.257435
#### Cognitive Diffusion Model: Facilitating EFL Learning in an Authentic Environment
0 	For this study, we designed learning activities in which students applied newly acquired knowledge to solve meaningful daily life problems in their local community - a real, familiar, and relevant environment for students.
0 	For example, students learned about signs and rules in class and then applied this new knowledge to create their own rules for a location in their community (e.g., playground rules that tell visitors what is or is not allowed to do in a local playground) to make it more environmentally friendly.
0 	To facilitate this, we developed a mobile learning system equipped with a dictionary as well as textual annotation, recording, and sharing functions.
0 	This mobile learning system enables students to take pictures of objects, describe them verbally or in writing, and share their work with peers.
0 	Our goal was to study the effectiveness of learning activities supported by a mobile learning system on the cognitive learning process by examining the changes in students' cognitive processes and the distribution of students who reach a certain level of cognition before and after learning.
0 	Fifty-seven junior high school students participated in the research, and their views of the mobile learning system and interest in continuing use were also explored.
0 	Students were divided into one control (n = 26) group and one experimental (n = 31) group.
0 	The control group completed learning activities using a traditional approach while the experimental group used a learning system installed in tablet PCs.
0 	The effectiveness of the mobile PC system on students' cognitive processes was tested by comparing the control and experimental groups' pre-test and post-test outcomes.
0 	Changes in students' cognitive processes were measured by calculating the differences in student scores among three tasks.
0 	The distribution of students who reached a certain level of cognition was derived based on their learning performance.
0 	Students' perceptions were evaluated using a questionnaire survey.
0 	The mobile learning system kept records of how students used it.
0 	Our results show that the experimental students significantly outperformed the control students on test items related to high cognitive levels.
0 	Students made clear cognitive progress from the second topic to the third one.
0 	Most students rated the learning system highly and want to use it in the future.
0 	Finally, the results show that creating text annotations is the best indicator of learning.
0 	Based on these results, we recommend applying appropriate learning activities supported by a mobile learning system to facilitate students' cognitive processes when they are studying English as a foreign language in an authentic environment.


###48
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.255948
#### Specialized Intervention Using Tablet Devices for Communication Deficits in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorders
0 	New possibilities offered by mobile devices for special education students have led to the design of skill acquisition software applications.
0 	Advances in mobile technologies development have made progress possible in helping teachers with autistic students modelling and evaluation.
0 	“Chain of Words” theoretical basis is the autism inventory known as IDEA (Inventory of Autism Spectrum Disorders).
0 	Our application is based on the functional area of communication.
0 	Tests carried out in educational institutions using “Chain of Words” have shown that it is an adequate intervention supporting tool for such deficits.
0 	In addition, teacher can customize task contents according to each child's characteristics; thus allowing a more personal intervention within the communication field.


###49
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.256547
#### Automatic Chinese Factual Question Generation
0 	Question generation is an emerging research area of artificial intelligence in education.
0 	Question authoring tools are important in educational technologies, e.g., intelligent tutoring systems, as well as in dialogue systems.
0 	Approaches to generate factual questions, i.e., questions that have concrete answers, mainly make use of the syntactical and semantic information in a declarative sentence, which is then transformed into questions.
0 	Recently, some research has been conducted to investigate Chinese factual question generation with some limited success.
0 	Reported performance is poor due to unavoidable errors (e.g., sentence parsing, name entity recognition, and rule-based question transformation errors) and the complexity of long Chinese sentences.
0 	This article introduces a novel Chinese question generation system based on three stages, sentence simplification, question generation and ranking, to address the challenge of automatically generating factual questions in Chinese.
0 	The proposed approach and system have been evaluated on sentences from the New Practical Chinese Reader corpus.
0 	Experimental results show that ranking improves more than 20 percentage of questions rated as acceptable by annotators, from 65 percent of all questions to 87 percent of the top ranked 25 percent questions.


###50
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.251260
#### An Architecture Combining IMS-LD and Web Services for Flexible Data-Transfer in CSCL
0 	This article presents evaluation data regarding the MAPIS3 architecture which is proposed as a solution for the data-transfer among various tools to promote flexible collaborative learning designs.
0 	We describe the problem that this architecture deals with as “tool orchestration” in collaborative learning settings.
0 	This term refers to a situation where data relevant to a collaborative learning activity need to be forwarded to and processed by various learning technological tools (e.g.
0 	a forum, a pedagogical agent, a service or a software component that provides a specific functionality, etc.
0 	), in order for the collaborative activity to be efficiently represented and teachers' pedagogical level decisions implemented.
0 	To facilitate data-transfer among the various tools and accomplish flexible interventions during runtime, the architecture employs a key component (“mediator component”) which makes use of an IMS-LD based representation of the activity.
0 	By implementing the architecture tradeoff analysis method in three case studies, evaluation data regarding the proposed architecture have been recorded and are presented in this paper.
0 	Targeted stakeholders (learners, teachers, and developers) provided valuable insights on the capacity of the architecture to efficiently facilitate tool orchestration during the realization of a flexible IMS-LD based course.
0 	Additionally, limitations of IMS-LD are discussed and suggestions are made on how to tackle these constraints and increase flexibility during tool orchestration in collaborative learning deployment.


###51
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.255666
#### CMX: The Effects of an Educational MMORPG on Learning and Teaching Computer Programming
0 	Computer programming has for decades posed several difficulties for students of all educational levels.
0 	A number of teaching approaches have been proposed over the years but none seems to fulfil the needs of students nowadays.
0 	Students use computers mainly for playing games and the Internet and as quite a few researchers state this aspect of computers should be taken into account in the way we educate them.
0 	Towards this direction, this paper aims to examine the effects of using an educational Massive Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game (MMORPG) on teaching and learning computer programming.
0 	The educational features of an MMORPG called CMX are presented along with a design framework that was devised taking into account previous work in designing educational games.
0 	The effects of CMX on teaching and learning computer programming are assessed through a study with first-year undergraduate students.
0 	Seventy six students used CMX over a period of five weeks for learning various procedural programming concepts.
0 	Students evaluated various aspects of CMX byfilling in a questionnaire that was based on an evaluation framework, which was devised in accordance with the design framework of CMX.
0 	Moreover, the results of a midterm exam that took place priorto using CMX and students' accomplishments in the context of CMX were recorded and analyzed.
0 	The results show that the majority of the students was entertained by playing the game while learning, and felt motivated to continue based on the game's scenario due to the variety of activities included.
0 	In regards to the students' performance, a pre-test and a post-test were carried out in the experimental group, i.e., the participants of this study, and the control group, i.e., students of the course that continued to get taught the same concepts and performed the same assignments as the experimental group, but traditionally.
0 	The pre-test and post-test analysis of the performance results for both groups showed that the majority of the students in the experimental group increased their performance in computer programming.
0 	Furthermore, students stated they had a positive attitude in regards to re-using CMX in the future in order to learn additional programming concepts.
0 	The positive results of this study pave the way for CMX being used in the classroom and expanding the game's functionalities that will further increase students' performance and support teachers in delivering the required knowledge.
0 	Moreover, the work reported in this paper offers game designers and teachers methodological and empirical results for game-based learning in such a difficult domain as is computer programming.
0 	What is more, the design and evaluation frameworks presented are general enough that they can be easily adjusted and/or extended for designing and assessing educational games in other domains as well.


###52
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.257270
#### and Age on the Effectiveness of an Educational Video Game: An Exploratory Study
0 	This study examines the influence of players' age, gender, and gaming preferences and habits (from now on, “gaming preferences”) on the effectiveness of a specific videogame that has been designed to increase the interest towards classical theater among teenagers.
0 	Using a validated instrument, participants were divided into four groups based on their gaming preferences: (1) Well-rounded (WR) gamers, who play all types of games often; (2) Hardcore players, who frequently tend to play first-person shooter (FPS) and sports games; (3) Casual players, who play moderately and tend to play music, social, and puzzle games; and (4) Non-gamers, who barely play videogames at all.
0 	Among all of the participants' personal factors (age, gender, and type of player) that were measured, only gaming preferences seemed to have a significant (p<;.05) positive influence on students' interest in theater-going.
0 	Neither age nor gender seemed to affect the outcomes.
0 	Casual and Well-rounded gamers scored higher in the game than Non-gamers and Hardcore players.
0 	Due to these results, we also explored whether the gaming profile affected traditional educational approaches.
0 	Traditional education worked better than videogames only for students who do not usually play videogames.
0 	This study suggests that gaming preferences may influence the effectiveness of different educational approaches.
0 	Knowing students' gaming preferences in advance may help educators find the best educational approach for each student.


###53
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.256547
#### A Fuzzy Group Decision Making Model for Ordinal Peer Assessment
0 	Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) are becoming an increasingly popular choice for education but, to reach their full extent, they require the resolution of new issues like assessing students at scale.
0 	A feasible approach to tackle this problem is peer assessment, in which students also play the role of assessor for assignments submitted by others.
0 	Unfortunately, students are unreliable graders so peer assessment often does not deliver accurate results.
0 	In order to mitigate this issue, we propose a new model for ordinal peer assessment based on the principles of fuzzy group decision making.
0 	In our approach, each student is asked to rank a few random submissions from the best to the worst and to specify, with a set of intuitive labels, at what extent each submission is better than the following one in the ranking.
0 	Students' provided rankings are then transformed in fuzzy preference relations, expanded to estimate missing values and aggregated through OWA operators.
0 	The aggregated relation is then used to generate a global ranking between the submissions and to estimate their absolute grades.
0 	Experimental results are presented and show better performances with respect to other existing ordinal and cardinal peer assessment techniques both in the reconstruction of the correct ranking and on the estimation of students' grades.


###54
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.266267
#### Towards Actionable Learning Analytics Using Dispositions
0 	Studies in the field of learning analytics (LA) have shown students' demographics and learning management system (LMS) data to be effective identifiers of “at risk” performance.
0 	However, insights generated by these predictive models may not be suitable for pedagogically informed interventions due to the inability to explain why students display these behavioral patterns.
0 	Therefore, this study aims at providing explanations of students' behaviors on LMS by incorporating dispositional dimensions (e.g., self-regulation and emotions) into conventional learning analytics models.
0 	Using a combination of demographic, trace, and self-reported data of eight contemporary social-cognitive theories of education from 1,069 students in a blended introductory quantitative course, we demonstrate the potential of dispositional characteristics of students, such as procrastination and boredom.
0 	Our results highlight the need to move beyond simple engagement metrics, whereby dispositional learning analytics provide an actionable bridge between learning analytics and educational intervention.


###55
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.261631
#### Predicting Student Performance from LMS Data: A Comparison of 17 Blended Courses Using Moodle LMS
0 	With the adoption of Learning Management Systems (LMSs) in educational institutions, a lot of data has become available describing students' online behavior.
0 	Many researchers have used these data to predict student performance.
0 	This has led to a rather diverse set of findings, possibly related to the diversity in courses and predictor variables extracted from the LMS, which makes it hard to draw general conclusions about the mechanisms underlying student performance.
0 	We first provide an overview of the theoretical arguments used in learning analytics research and the typical predictors that have been used in recent studies.
0 	We then analyze 17 blended courses with 4,989 students in a single institution using Moodle LMS, in which we predict student performance from LMS predictor variables as used in the literature and from in-between assessment grades, using both multi-level and standard regressions.
0 	Our analyses show that the results of predictive modeling, notwithstanding the fact that they are collected within a single institution, strongly vary across courses.
0 	Thus, the portability of the prediction models across courses is low.
0 	In addition, we show that for the purpose of early intervention or when in-between assessment grades are taken into account, LMS data are of little (additional) value.
0 	We outline the implications of our findings and emphasize the need to include more specific theoretical argumentation and additional data sources other than just the LMS data.


###56
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.259952
#### Perceiving Learning at a Glance: A Systematic Literature Review of Learning Dashboard Research
0 	This paper presents a systematic literature review of the state-of-the-art of research on learning dashboards in the fields of Learning Analytics and Educational Data Mining.
0 	Research on learning dashboards aims to identify what data is meaningful to different stakeholders and how data can be presented to support sense-making processes.
0 	Learning dashboards are becoming popular due to the increased use of educational technologies, such as Learning Management Systems (LMS) and Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs).
0 	The initial search of five main academic databases and GScholar resulted in 346 papers out of which 55 papers were included in the final analysis.
0 	Our review distinguishes different kinds of research studies as well as various aspects of learning dashboards and their maturity regarding evaluation.
0 	As the research field is still relatively young, most studies are exploratory and proof-of-concept.
0 	The review concludes by offering a definition for learning dashboards and by outlining open issues and future lines of work in the area of learning dashboards.
0 	There is a need for longitudinal research in authentic settings and studies that systematically compare different dashboard designs.


###57
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.262226
#### Am I Performing Well at All?
0 	In collaborative learning environments, students work together on assignments in virtual teams and depend on each other's contribution to achieve their learning objectives.
0 	The online learning environment, however, may not only facilitate but also hamper group communication, coordination, and collaboration.
0 	Group awareness widgets that visualize information about the different group members based on information collected from the individuals can foster awareness and reflection processes within the group.
0 	In this paper, we present a formative data study about the predictive power of several indicators of an awareness widget based on automatically logged user data from an online learning environment.
0 	In order to test whether the information visualized by the widget is in line with the study outcomes, we instantiated the widget indicators with data from four previous runs of the European Virtual Seminar on Sustainable Development (EVS).
0 	We analyzed whether the tutor gradings in these previous years correlated with the students' scores calculated for the widget indicators.
0 	Furthermore, we tested the predictive power of the widget indicators at various points in time with respect to the final grades of the students.
0 	The results of our analysis show that the grades and widget indicator scores are significantly and positively correlated, which provides a useful empirical basis for the development of guidelines for students and tutors on how to interpret the widget's visualizations in live runs.


###58
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.262629
#### A Novel Web-Based Approach for Visualization and Inspection of Reading Difficulties on University Students
0 	Existing tools aim to detect university students with early diagnosis of dyslexia or reading difficulties, but there are not developed tools that let those students better understand some aspects of their difficulties.
0 	In this paper, a dashboard for visualizing and inspecting early detected reading difficulties and their characteristics, called PADA (acronym for the Spanish name Panel de Analíticas de Aprendizaje de Dislexia en Adultos), is presented.
0 	PADA is a web-based tool designed to facilitate the creation of descriptive visualizations required for a better understanding by students about their learner model.
0 	Through information visualization techniques, PADA shows students the knowledge in their learner models in order to help them to increase their awareness and to support reflection and self-regulation about their difficulties in reading.
0 	PADA provides different learning analytics on reading performance of students, so that they can self-identify their strengths and weaknesses and self-regulate their learning.
0 	This paper describes examples that cover a variety of visualizations (bar-charts, line-charts, and pie-charts) to show user model fragments as personal details, reading profiles, learning styles, and cognitive traits of the students.
0 	We tested PADA with 26 students (aged 21-53 years) of different academic programs and levels, dyslexic and non-dyslexic.
0 	The results show that PADA can assist students in creating awareness, and help them to understand their difficulties associated with the reading tasks, as well as facilitate reflection and self-regulation in the learning process.
0 	Implications for the design of learning analytics are discussed and directions for future work are outlined.


###59
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.260774
#### Privacy-Preserving Learning Analytics: Challenges and Techniques
0 	Educational data contains valuable information that can be harvested through learning analytics to provide new insights for a better education system.
0 	However, sharing or analysis of this data introduce privacy risks for the data subjects, mostly students.
0 	Existing work in the learning analytics literature identifies the need for privacy and pose interesting research directions, but fails to apply state of the art privacy protection methods with quantifiable and mathematically rigorous privacy guarantees.
0 	This work aims to employ and evaluate such methods on learning analytics by approaching the problem from two perspectives: (1) the data is anonymized and then shared with a learning analytics expert, and (2) the learning analytics expert is given a privacy-preserving interface that governs her access to the data.
0 	We develop proof-of-concept implementations of privacy preserving learning analytics tasks using both perspectives and run them on real and synthetic datasets.
0 	We also present an experimental study on the trade-off between individuals' privacy and the accuracy of the learning analytics tasks.


###60
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.263950
#### Combining University Student Self-Regulated Learning Indicators and Engagement with Online Learning Events to Predict Academic Performance
0 	Self-regulated learning theories are used to understand the reasons for different levels of university student academic performance.
0 	Similarly, learning analytics research proposes the combination of detailed data traces derived from technology-mediated tasks with a variety of algorithms to predict student academic performance.
0 	The former approach is designed to provide meaningful pedagogical guidance, while the latter is designed to identify event patterns and relations that can be translated into actionable remediation.
0 	The benefits of both approaches have motivated this study to investigate if a combination of the self-report data and data arising from an observation of the engagement of students with online learning events offers a deeper understanding and explanation of why some students achieve relatively higher levels of academic performance.
0 	In this paper we explore how to combine data about self-regulated learning skills with observable measures of online activity in a blended learning course to increase predictive capabilities of student academic performance for the purposes of informing teaching and task design.
0 	A case study in a course with 145 students showed that the variation of the students' final score for their course is better explained when factors from both approaches are considered.
0 	The results point to the potential of adopting a combined use of self-report and observed data to gain a more comprehensive understanding of successful university student learning.


###61
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.252137
#### Contextual Markup and Mining in Digital Games for Science Learning: Connecting Player Behaviors to Learning Goals
0 	Digital games can make unique and powerful contributions to K-12 science education, but much of that potential remains unrealized.
0 	Research evaluating games for learning still relies primarily on pre- and post-test data, which limits possible insights into more complex interactions between game design features, gameplay, and formal assessment.
0 	Therefore, a critical step forward involves developing rich representations for analyzing gameplay data.
0 	This paper leverages data mining techniques to model learning and performance, using a metadata markup language that relates game actions to concepts relevant to specific game contexts.
0 	We discuss results from a classroom study and identify potential relationships between students' planning/prediction behaviors observed across game levels and improvement on formal assessments.
0 	The results have implications for scaffolding specific activities, that include physics learning during gameplay, solution planning and effect prediction.
0 	Overall, the approach underscores the value of our contextualized approach to gameplay markup to facilitate data mining and discovery.


###62
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.248797
#### Constructing a User-Friendly and Smart Ubiquitous Personalized Learning Environment by Using a Context-Aware Mechanism
0 	Although m-learning applications have been widely researched, few studies have investigated applying adaptive learning content to various learning environments and efficient input interfaces.
0 	This study combined a context-aware mechanism, which can be used to provide suitable learning information anytime and anyplace by using GPS technology, with a rapid and user-friendly QR code interface input into a personalized context-aware recommendation (PCAR) learning system for enabling learners to immediately save useful external contents as learning materials.
0 	To improve students' English application abilities efficiently, GPS combined with an intelligent personalized context-aware learning algorithm was used to obtain English learning content that is more practical.
0 	The results of several experiments and investigations indicate that the posttest grades of the experimental group, which used the proposed PCAR system, were higher than those of the control group.
0 	Furthermore, approximately 80 percent of the users were satisfied with how the system benefited their learning and with its ease of use.
0 	The results also show that the PCAR system markedly enhanced learner interest and learning efficiency by creating a convenient virtual English learning environment.


###63
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.275449
#### Near Real-Time Comprehension Classification with Artificial Neural Networks: Decoding e-Learner Non-Verbal Behavior
0 	Comprehension is an important cognitive state for learning.
0 	Human tutors recognize comprehension and non-comprehension states by interpreting learner non-verbal behavior (NVB).
0 	Experienced tutors adapt pedagogy, materials, and instruction to provide additional learning scaffold in the context of perceived learner comprehension.
0 	Near real-time assessment for e-learner comprehension of on-screen information could provide a powerful tool for both adaptation within intelligent e-learning platforms and appraisal of tutorial content for learning analytics.
0 	However, literature suggests that no existing method for automatic classification of learner comprehension by analysis of NVB can provide a practical solution in an e-learning, on-screen, context.
0 	This paper presents design, development, and evaluation of COMPASS, a novel near real-time comprehension classification system for use in detecting learner comprehension of on-screen information during e-learning activities.
0 	COMPASS uses a novel descriptive analysis of learner behavior, image processing techniques, and artificial neural networks to model and classify authentic comprehension indicative non-verbal behavior.
0 	This paper presents a study in which 44 undergraduate students answered on-screen multiple choice questions relating to computer programming.
0 	Using a front-facing USB web camera the behavior of the learner is recorded during reading and appraisal of on-screen information.
0 	The resultant dataset of non-verbal behavior and question-answer scores has been used to train artificial neural network (ANN) to classify comprehension and non-comprehension states in near real-time.
0 	The trained comprehension classifier achieved normalized classification accuracy of 75.8 percent.


###64
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.278990
#### Predicting Contextual Informativeness for Vocabulary Learning
0 	Vocabulary knowledge is essential to educational progress.
0 	High quality vocabulary instruction requires supportive contextual examples to teach word meaning and proper usage.
0 	Identifying such contexts by hand for a large number of words can be difficult.
0 	In this work, we take a statistical learning approach to engineer a system that predicts informativeness of a context for target words that span the range of difficulty from middle school to college level.
0 	Our database (released open source) includes 1,000 hand-selected words associated with approximately 70,000 contextual examples gathered from the Internet.
0 	Our training data included each context rated by 10 individuals on a four-point informativeness scale.
0 	We process the text of each context into a novel collection of approximately 600 numerical features that captures diverse linguistic information.
0 	We then fit a nonparametric regression model using Random Forests and compute out-of-sample prediction performance using cross-validation.
0 	Our system performs well enough that it can replace a human judge: for a target word not found in our dataset, we can provide curated contexts to a student learner such that most of the contexts (54 percent) feature rich contextual clues and confusing contexts are rare ( <; 1 percent).
0 	The quality of our curated contexts was validated by an independent panel of high school language arts teachers.


###65
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.271637
#### Automatic Online Lecture Highlighting Based on Multimedia Analysis
0 	Textbook highlighting is widely considered to be beneficial for students.
0 	In this paper, we propose a comprehensive solution to highlight the online lecture videos in both sentence and segment-level, just as is done with paper books.
0 	The solution is based on automatic analysis of multimedia lecture materials, such as speeches, transcripts, and slides, in order to facilitate the online learners in this era of e-learning - especially with MOOCs.
0 	Sentence-level lecture highlighting basically uses acoustic features from the audio and the output is implemented in subtitle files of corresponding MOOC videos.
0 	In comparison with ground truth created by experts, the precision is over 60 percent, which is better than baseline works and also welcomed by user feedbacks.
0 	On the other hand, segment-level lecture highlighting works with statistical analysis, mainly by exploring the speech transcripts, the lecture slides and their connections.
0 	With the ground truth created by massive users, an evaluation process shows that general accuracy can reach 70 percent, which is fairly promising.
0 	Finally, we also attempt to find potential correlation between these two types of lecture highlights.


###66
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.281087
#### Student Emotions in Conversation-Based Assessments
0 	Students can experience a variety of emotions while completing assessments.
0 	Some emotions can get in the way of students performing their best (e.g., anxiety, frustration), whereas other emotions can facilitate student performance (e.g., engagement).
0 	Many new, non-traditional assessments, such as automated conversation-based assessments (CBA), are designed with the intention to create a test-taking experience that maximizes beneficial emotions for students and minimizes detrimental emotions.
0 	However, there is a paucity of research on students' actual emotional experiences during these non-traditional assessments.
0 	Across two studies, we investigated students' moment-to-moment emotions during two CBAs that differed on construct (science inquiry, mathematical reasoning) and environment (virtual world, chat box).
0 	We found a similar set of emotions to frequently occur across the two studies and came to the preliminary conclusion that students have a generally positive experience with CBAs and that boredom, confusion, curiosity, delight, engagement/flow, frustration, happiness/enjoyment, hope, and pride are the prevalent emotions in CBAs.
0 	The temporal dynamics of emotions as well as the emotion-performance relationship were also investigated across the two studies.
0 	Lastly, we discuss how these findings can inform the development of emotion-sensitive CBAs that can facilitate students being able to perform to the best of their ability.


###67
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.275662
#### Let's Set Up Some Subgoals: Understanding Human-Pedagogical Agent Collaborations and Their Implications for Learning and Prompt and Feedback Compliance
0 	Research on collaborative learning between humans and virtual pedagogical agents represents a necessary extension to recent research on the conceptual, theoretical, methodological, analytical, and educational issues behind co-and socially-shared regulated learning between humans.
0 	This study presents a novel coding framework that was developed and used to describe collaborations between learners and a pedagogical agent (PA) during a subgoal setting activity with MetaTutor, an intelligent tutoring system.
0 	Learner-PA interactions were examined across two scaffolding conditions: prompt and feedback (PF), and control.
0 	Learners' compliance to follow the PA's prompts and feedback in the PF condition were also examined.
0 	Results demonstrated that learners followed the PA's prompts and feedback to help them set more appropriate subgoals for their learning session the majority of the time.
0 	Descriptive statistics revealed that when subgoals were set collaboratively between learners and the PA, they generally lead to higher proportional learning gains when compared to less collaboratively set goals.
0 	Taken together, the results provide preliminary evidence that learners are both willing to engage in and benefit from collaborative interactions with PAs when immediate, directional feedback and the opportunity to try again are provided.
0 	Implications and future directions for extending co-and socially-shared regulated learning theories to include learner-PA interactions are proposed.


###68
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.269847
#### A Digital Coach That Provides Affective and Social Learning Support to Low-Literate Learners
0 	In this study, we investigate if a digital coach for low-literate learners that provides cognitive learning support based on scaffolding can be improved by adding affective learning support based on motivational interviewing, and social learning support based on small talk.
0 	Several knowledge gaps are identified: motivational interviewing and small talk must be translated to control rules for this coach, a formal model of participant emotional states is needed to allow the coach to parse the learner's emotional state, and various sensors must be used to let the coach detect and act on this state.
0 	We use the situated Cognitive Engineering (sCE) method to update an existing foundation of knowledge with emotional models, motivational interviewing, and small talk theory, technology, and a new exercise in the volunteer work domain.
0 	We use this foundation to create a design specification for an Embodied Conversational Agent (ECA) coach that provides cognitive, affective, and social learning support for this exercise.
0 	A prototype is created, and compared to a prototype that only provides cognitive support in a within- and between-subjects experiment.
0 	Results show that both prototypes work as expected: learners interact with the coach and complete all exercises.
0 	Almost no significant differences are found between the two prototypes, indicating that the affective and social support were not effective as designed.
0 	Potential improvements are provided for future work.
0 	Results also show significant differences between two subgroups of low-literate participants, and between men and women, reinforcing the importance of using individualized support measures with this demographic.


###69
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.275748
#### Be the Data: Embodied Visual Analytics
0 	With the rise of big data, it is becoming increasingly important to educate groups of students at many educational levels about data analytics.
0 	In particular, students without a strong mathematical background may have an unenthusiastic attitude towards high-dimensional data and find it challenging to understand relevant complex analytical methods, such as dimension reduction.
0 	In this paper, we present an embodied approach for visual analytics designed to teach students about exploring alternative 2D projections of high-dimensional data points using weighted multidimensional scaling.
0 	We propose a novel concept, Be the Data, to explore the possibilities of using human's embodied resources to learn from high-dimensional data.
0 	In our implemented system, each student embodies a data point, and the position of students in a physical space represents a 2D projection of the high-dimensional data.
0 	Students physically move within the room with respect to each other to collaboratively construct alternative projections and receive visual feedback about relevant data dimensions.
0 	In this way, students can pose hypotheses about the data to discover the statistical support as well as learn about complex concepts such as high-dimensional distance.
0 	We conducted educational workshops with students in various age groups inexperienced in complex data analytical methods.
0 	Our findings indicate that Be the Data provided the necessary engagement to enable students to quickly learn about high-dimensional data and analysis processes despite their minimal prior knowledge.


###70
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.272403
#### Active Learning Environments with Robotic Tangibles: Children's Physical and Virtual Spatial Programming Experiences
0 	As computational thinking becomes increasingly important for children to learn, we must develop interfaces that leverage the ways that young children learn to provide opportunities for them to develop these skills.
0 	Active Learning Environments with Robotic Tangibles (ALERT) and Robopad, an analogous on-screen virtual spatial programming environment for educational Human Robot Interaction (HRI), have been developed.
0 	Evaluations of these in the context of free play and open-ended learning activities show that both systems afford opportunities for young children to engage in spatial programming, creating improvisational and sequential programs that mediate interactions between the environment, robots, and humans in responsive and creative ways.
0 	These systems demonstrate innovative opportunities for advancing mixed reality spatial programming activities as a form of HRI that fosters engaging seamless cyberlearning experiences, across formal and informal environments.


###71
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.276268
#### an Online Game-Based Platform for Second Language Learning
0 	Computer and smartphone-based applications for second language (L2) learning have become popular tools, being integrated in many classroom-based courses and adopted by the public at large.
0 	Yet, despite a significant body of research that suggests that individuals differ in their ability to learn L2, it is still unclear what factors predict successful L2 acquisition and how L2 teaching software can be designed to adapt to individuals' strengths and weaknesses.
0 	Here, we describe the architecture of LANGA, an online game-based platform under development for L2 teaching and research, and present a demonstrative proof-of-concept study using the platform.
0 	LANGA is designed to be both an effective and engaging product from the consumer perspective, and a tool that can be used by researchers to easily implement, deploy and test different training modalities for L2 teaching.
0 	Furthermore, key features of LANGA include easy configuration of training via modular design; emphasis on gamified teaching methods; and the use of automated speech recognition to provide learners feedback on verbal production.
0 	A first prototype of LANGA was tested in a small-scale, proof-of-concept study.
0 	Changes in proficiency from preto post-training were measured using recall and recognition tests, while event-related brain potentials (ERPs) were used to assess changes in brain activity related to lexical access over the course of learning.
0 	The results provided initial validation of the platform: participants were able to learn a large proportion of the words taught, and retained the novel words in a two/weeks follow-up.
0 	Future directions on the development of the platform are discussed.


###72
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.275067
#### Hybrid Augmented Reality for Participatory Learning: The Hidden Efficacy of Multi-User Game-Based Simulation
0 	The goal of this research is to articulate and test a new hybrid Augmented Reality (AR) environment for conceptual understanding.
0 	From the theoretical lens of embodied interaction, we have designed a multi-user participatory simulation called ARfract where visitors in a science museum can learn about complex scientific concepts on the refraction of light through full-body immersion using optical see-through AR glasses, projection-based AR, and gesture technology.
0 	In particular, we developed two different types of simulations for ARfract, namely a game-based simulation and a non-game simulation to explore how the order of different AR simulations influences the perceived usability, user behaviors, learning experiences, and learning outcomes.
0 	For the experiment, 10 dyads were randomly assigned to one of the two experimental conditions: 1) the game-to-non-game condition and 2) the non-game-to-game condition.
0 	The results indicate that the learners who experienced the game-based simulation before the non-game simulation performed better than did the other group with the reversed experience order.
0 	This paper also reports the usability, user behaviors, and learning experience issues regarding the affordances of hybrid AR technologies.
0 	The major contribution of this proof-of-concept research is that it articulates our understanding of how particular configurations (i.e., order) of the emerging technologies (i.e., hybrid Augmented Reality systems) and its use can lead to different learning outcomes.


###73
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.275449
#### Near Real-Time Comprehension Classification with Artificial Neural Networks: Decoding e-Learner Non-Verbal Behavior
0 	Comprehension is an important cognitive state for learning.
0 	Human tutors recognize comprehension and non-comprehension states by interpreting learner non-verbal behavior (NVB).
0 	Experienced tutors adapt pedagogy, materials, and instruction to provide additional learning scaffold in the context of perceived learner comprehension.
0 	Near real-time assessment for e-learner comprehension of on-screen information could provide a powerful tool for both adaptation within intelligent e-learning platforms and appraisal of tutorial content for learning analytics.
0 	However, literature suggests that no existing method for automatic classification of learner comprehension by analysis of NVB can provide a practical solution in an e-learning, on-screen, context.
0 	This paper presents design, development, and evaluation of COMPASS, a novel near real-time comprehension classification system for use in detecting learner comprehension of on-screen information during e-learning activities.
0 	COMPASS uses a novel descriptive analysis of learner behavior, image processing techniques, and artificial neural networks to model and classify authentic comprehension indicative non-verbal behavior.
0 	This paper presents a study in which 44 undergraduate students answered on-screen multiple choice questions relating to computer programming.
0 	Using a front-facing USB web camera the behavior of the learner is recorded during reading and appraisal of on-screen information.
0 	The resultant dataset of non-verbal behavior and question-answer scores has been used to train artificial neural network (ANN) to classify comprehension and non-comprehension states in near real-time.
0 	The trained comprehension classifier achieved normalized classification accuracy of 75.8 percent.


###74
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.278990
#### Predicting Contextual Informativeness for Vocabulary Learning
0 	Vocabulary knowledge is essential to educational progress.
0 	High quality vocabulary instruction requires supportive contextual examples to teach word meaning and proper usage.
0 	Identifying such contexts by hand for a large number of words can be difficult.
0 	In this work, we take a statistical learning approach to engineer a system that predicts informativeness of a context for target words that span the range of difficulty from middle school to college level.
0 	Our database (released open source) includes 1,000 hand-selected words associated with approximately 70,000 contextual examples gathered from the Internet.
0 	Our training data included each context rated by 10 individuals on a four-point informativeness scale.
0 	We process the text of each context into a novel collection of approximately 600 numerical features that captures diverse linguistic information.
0 	We then fit a nonparametric regression model using Random Forests and compute out-of-sample prediction performance using cross-validation.
0 	Our system performs well enough that it can replace a human judge: for a target word not found in our dataset, we can provide curated contexts to a student learner such that most of the contexts (54 percent) feature rich contextual clues and confusing contexts are rare ( <; 1 percent).
0 	The quality of our curated contexts was validated by an independent panel of high school language arts teachers.


###75
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.271637
#### Automatic Online Lecture Highlighting Based on Multimedia Analysis
0 	Textbook highlighting is widely considered to be beneficial for students.
0 	In this paper, we propose a comprehensive solution to highlight the online lecture videos in both sentence and segment-level, just as is done with paper books.
0 	The solution is based on automatic analysis of multimedia lecture materials, such as speeches, transcripts, and slides, in order to facilitate the online learners in this era of e-learning - especially with MOOCs.
0 	Sentence-level lecture highlighting basically uses acoustic features from the audio and the output is implemented in subtitle files of corresponding MOOC videos.
0 	In comparison with ground truth created by experts, the precision is over 60 percent, which is better than baseline works and also welcomed by user feedbacks.
0 	On the other hand, segment-level lecture highlighting works with statistical analysis, mainly by exploring the speech transcripts, the lecture slides and their connections.
0 	With the ground truth created by massive users, an evaluation process shows that general accuracy can reach 70 percent, which is fairly promising.
0 	Finally, we also attempt to find potential correlation between these two types of lecture highlights.


###76
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.281087
#### Student Emotions in Conversation-Based Assessments
0 	Students can experience a variety of emotions while completing assessments.
0 	Some emotions can get in the way of students performing their best (e.g., anxiety, frustration), whereas other emotions can facilitate student performance (e.g., engagement).
0 	Many new, non-traditional assessments, such as automated conversation-based assessments (CBA), are designed with the intention to create a test-taking experience that maximizes beneficial emotions for students and minimizes detrimental emotions.
0 	However, there is a paucity of research on students' actual emotional experiences during these non-traditional assessments.
0 	Across two studies, we investigated students' moment-to-moment emotions during two CBAs that differed on construct (science inquiry, mathematical reasoning) and environment (virtual world, chat box).
0 	We found a similar set of emotions to frequently occur across the two studies and came to the preliminary conclusion that students have a generally positive experience with CBAs and that boredom, confusion, curiosity, delight, engagement/flow, frustration, happiness/enjoyment, hope, and pride are the prevalent emotions in CBAs.
0 	The temporal dynamics of emotions as well as the emotion-performance relationship were also investigated across the two studies.
0 	Lastly, we discuss how these findings can inform the development of emotion-sensitive CBAs that can facilitate students being able to perform to the best of their ability.


###77
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.275662
#### Let's Set Up Some Subgoals: Understanding Human-Pedagogical Agent Collaborations and Their Implications for Learning and Prompt and Feedback Compliance
0 	Research on collaborative learning between humans and virtual pedagogical agents represents a necessary extension to recent research on the conceptual, theoretical, methodological, analytical, and educational issues behind co-and socially-shared regulated learning between humans.
0 	This study presents a novel coding framework that was developed and used to describe collaborations between learners and a pedagogical agent (PA) during a subgoal setting activity with MetaTutor, an intelligent tutoring system.
0 	Learner-PA interactions were examined across two scaffolding conditions: prompt and feedback (PF), and control.
0 	Learners' compliance to follow the PA's prompts and feedback in the PF condition were also examined.
0 	Results demonstrated that learners followed the PA's prompts and feedback to help them set more appropriate subgoals for their learning session the majority of the time.
0 	Descriptive statistics revealed that when subgoals were set collaboratively between learners and the PA, they generally lead to higher proportional learning gains when compared to less collaboratively set goals.
0 	Taken together, the results provide preliminary evidence that learners are both willing to engage in and benefit from collaborative interactions with PAs when immediate, directional feedback and the opportunity to try again are provided.
0 	Implications and future directions for extending co-and socially-shared regulated learning theories to include learner-PA interactions are proposed.


###78
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.269847
#### A Digital Coach That Provides Affective and Social Learning Support to Low-Literate Learners
0 	In this study, we investigate if a digital coach for low-literate learners that provides cognitive learning support based on scaffolding can be improved by adding affective learning support based on motivational interviewing, and social learning support based on small talk.
0 	Several knowledge gaps are identified: motivational interviewing and small talk must be translated to control rules for this coach, a formal model of participant emotional states is needed to allow the coach to parse the learner's emotional state, and various sensors must be used to let the coach detect and act on this state.
0 	We use the situated Cognitive Engineering (sCE) method to update an existing foundation of knowledge with emotional models, motivational interviewing, and small talk theory, technology, and a new exercise in the volunteer work domain.
0 	We use this foundation to create a design specification for an Embodied Conversational Agent (ECA) coach that provides cognitive, affective, and social learning support for this exercise.
0 	A prototype is created, and compared to a prototype that only provides cognitive support in a within- and between-subjects experiment.
0 	Results show that both prototypes work as expected: learners interact with the coach and complete all exercises.
0 	Almost no significant differences are found between the two prototypes, indicating that the affective and social support were not effective as designed.
0 	Potential improvements are provided for future work.
0 	Results also show significant differences between two subgroups of low-literate participants, and between men and women, reinforcing the importance of using individualized support measures with this demographic.


###79
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.275748
#### Be the Data: Embodied Visual Analytics
0 	With the rise of big data, it is becoming increasingly important to educate groups of students at many educational levels about data analytics.
0 	In particular, students without a strong mathematical background may have an unenthusiastic attitude towards high-dimensional data and find it challenging to understand relevant complex analytical methods, such as dimension reduction.
0 	In this paper, we present an embodied approach for visual analytics designed to teach students about exploring alternative 2D projections of high-dimensional data points using weighted multidimensional scaling.
0 	We propose a novel concept, Be the Data, to explore the possibilities of using human's embodied resources to learn from high-dimensional data.
0 	In our implemented system, each student embodies a data point, and the position of students in a physical space represents a 2D projection of the high-dimensional data.
0 	Students physically move within the room with respect to each other to collaboratively construct alternative projections and receive visual feedback about relevant data dimensions.
0 	In this way, students can pose hypotheses about the data to discover the statistical support as well as learn about complex concepts such as high-dimensional distance.
0 	We conducted educational workshops with students in various age groups inexperienced in complex data analytical methods.
0 	Our findings indicate that Be the Data provided the necessary engagement to enable students to quickly learn about high-dimensional data and analysis processes despite their minimal prior knowledge.


###80
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.272403
#### Active Learning Environments with Robotic Tangibles: Children's Physical and Virtual Spatial Programming Experiences
0 	As computational thinking becomes increasingly important for children to learn, we must develop interfaces that leverage the ways that young children learn to provide opportunities for them to develop these skills.
0 	Active Learning Environments with Robotic Tangibles (ALERT) and Robopad, an analogous on-screen virtual spatial programming environment for educational Human Robot Interaction (HRI), have been developed.
0 	Evaluations of these in the context of free play and open-ended learning activities show that both systems afford opportunities for young children to engage in spatial programming, creating improvisational and sequential programs that mediate interactions between the environment, robots, and humans in responsive and creative ways.
0 	These systems demonstrate innovative opportunities for advancing mixed reality spatial programming activities as a form of HRI that fosters engaging seamless cyberlearning experiences, across formal and informal environments.


###81
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.276268
#### an Online Game-Based Platform for Second Language Learning
0 	Computer and smartphone-based applications for second language (L2) learning have become popular tools, being integrated in many classroom-based courses and adopted by the public at large.
0 	Yet, despite a significant body of research that suggests that individuals differ in their ability to learn L2, it is still unclear what factors predict successful L2 acquisition and how L2 teaching software can be designed to adapt to individuals' strengths and weaknesses.
0 	Here, we describe the architecture of LANGA, an online game-based platform under development for L2 teaching and research, and present a demonstrative proof-of-concept study using the platform.
0 	LANGA is designed to be both an effective and engaging product from the consumer perspective, and a tool that can be used by researchers to easily implement, deploy and test different training modalities for L2 teaching.
0 	Furthermore, key features of LANGA include easy configuration of training via modular design; emphasis on gamified teaching methods; and the use of automated speech recognition to provide learners feedback on verbal production.
0 	A first prototype of LANGA was tested in a small-scale, proof-of-concept study.
0 	Changes in proficiency from preto post-training were measured using recall and recognition tests, while event-related brain potentials (ERPs) were used to assess changes in brain activity related to lexical access over the course of learning.
0 	The results provided initial validation of the platform: participants were able to learn a large proportion of the words taught, and retained the novel words in a two/weeks follow-up.
0 	Future directions on the development of the platform are discussed.


###82
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.275067
#### Hybrid Augmented Reality for Participatory Learning: The Hidden Efficacy of Multi-User Game-Based Simulation
0 	The goal of this research is to articulate and test a new hybrid Augmented Reality (AR) environment for conceptual understanding.
0 	From the theoretical lens of embodied interaction, we have designed a multi-user participatory simulation called ARfract where visitors in a science museum can learn about complex scientific concepts on the refraction of light through full-body immersion using optical see-through AR glasses, projection-based AR, and gesture technology.
0 	In particular, we developed two different types of simulations for ARfract, namely a game-based simulation and a non-game simulation to explore how the order of different AR simulations influences the perceived usability, user behaviors, learning experiences, and learning outcomes.
0 	For the experiment, 10 dyads were randomly assigned to one of the two experimental conditions: 1) the game-to-non-game condition and 2) the non-game-to-game condition.
0 	The results indicate that the learners who experienced the game-based simulation before the non-game simulation performed better than did the other group with the reversed experience order.
0 	This paper also reports the usability, user behaviors, and learning experience issues regarding the affordances of hybrid AR technologies.
0 	The major contribution of this proof-of-concept research is that it articulates our understanding of how particular configurations (i.e., order) of the emerging technologies (i.e., hybrid Augmented Reality systems) and its use can lead to different learning outcomes.


###83
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.273974
#### A Survey on Virtual Reality for Individuals with Autism Spectrum Disorder: Design Considerations
0 	In this article, state of the art on virtual reality (VR) for individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) with a focus on training/targeted intervention is discussed and reflected upon to explore areas for more future benefits.
0 	We present advantages of VR for individuals with ASD.
0 	We identify challenges and design issues for future training applications regarding individuals with ASD.
0 	We discuss and present design guidelines accumulated in the literature so far, mostly based on observations in user studies exploring the usefulness of VR as a training tool for individuals with ASD, with a systematic literature review.
0 	We present and apply a new taxonomy that classifies previous VR works on training individuals with ASD according to immersive and regular (non-immersive) VR systems and types of social, life and safety skills based on a systematic literature review.
0 	We explore the common design considerations of the previous VR studies for training individuals with ASD.
0 	Finally, based on the systematic literature reviews, we identify key gaps in the research on this topic and present future research considerations.


###84
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.269276
#### Approximately Optimal Teaching of Approximately Optimal Learners
0 	We propose a method of generating teaching policies for use in intelligent tutoring systems (ITS) for concept learning tasks [1] , e.g., teaching students the meanings of words by showing images that exemplify their meanings à la Rosetta Stone [2] and Duo Lingo [3] .
0 	The approach is grounded in control theory and capitalizes on recent work by [4] , [5] that frames the “teaching” problem as that of finding approximately optimal teaching policies for approximately optimal learners (AOTAOL).
0 	Our work expands on [4] , [5] in several ways: (1) We develop a novel student model in which the teacher's actions can partially eliminate hypotheses about the curriculum.
0 	(2) With our student model, inference can be conducted analytically rather than numerically, thus allowing computationally efficient planning to optimize learning.
0 	(3) We develop a reinforcement learning-based hierarchical control technique that allows the teaching policy to search through deeper learning trajectories.
0 	We demonstrate our approach in a novel ITS for foreign language learning similar to Rosetta Stone and show that the automatically generated AOTAOL teaching policy performs favorably compared to two hand-crafted teaching policies.


###85
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.268208
#### Automatic Summarization of Lecture Slides for Enhanced Student PreviewTechnical Report and User Study
0 	This paper is an extension of research originally reported in [1] .
0 	Here, we propose a novel method for summarizing lecture slides to enhance students' preview efficiency and understanding of the content.
0 	Students are often asked to prepare for a class by reading lecture materials.
0 	However, because the attention span of students is limited, this is not always beneficial.
0 	We surveyed 326 students regarding the preview of lecture materials, revealing a preference for summarized materials to preview.
0 	Therefore, we developed an automatic summarization method for condensing original lecture materials into a summarized set.
0 	Our proposed approach utilizes image and text processing to extract important pages from lecture materials, optimizing selection of pages in accordance with a specified preview time.
0 	We applied the proposed summarization method to a set of lecture slides.
0 	In an experiment with 372 students, we compared the effectiveness of the summarized slides and the original materials in terms of quiz scores, preview achievement ratio, and time spent previewing.
0 	We found that students who previewed the summarized slides achieved better scores on pre-lecture quizzes, even though they spent less time previewing the material.


###86
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.268208
#### A Tool for Introducing Computer Science with Automatic Formative Assessment
0 	In this paper we present a software platform called Chatbot designed to introduce high school students to Computer Science (CS) concepts in an innovative way: by programming chatbots.
0 	A chatbot is a bot that can be programmed to have a conversation with a human or robotic partner in some natural language such as English or Spanish.
0 	While programming their chatbots, students use fundamental CS constructs such as variables, conditionals, and finite state automata, among others.
0 	Chatbot uses pattern matching, state of the art lemmatization techniques, and finite state automata in order to provide automatic formative assessment to the students.
0 	When an error is found, the formative feedback generated is immediate and task-level.
0 	We evaluated Chatbot in two observational studies.
0 	An online nation-wide competition where more than 10,000 students participated.
0 	And, a mandatory in-class 15-lesson pilot course in three high schools.
0 	We measured indicators of student engagement (task completion, participation, self reported interest, etc.)
0 	and found that girls' engagement with Chatbot was higher than boys' for most indicators.
0 	Also, in the online competition, the task completion rate for the students that decided to use Chatbot was five times higher than for the students that chose to use the renowned animation and game programming tool Alice.
0 	Our results suggest that the availability of automatic formative assessment may have an impact on task completion and other engagement indicators among high school students.


###87
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.267900
#### Automatic Chinese Multiple Choice Question Generation Using Mixed Similarity Strategy
0 	Automatic question generation can help teachers to save the time necessary for constructing examination papers.
0 	Several approaches were proposed to automatically generate multiple-choice questions for vocalbuary assessment or grammar exercises.
0 	However, most of these studies focused on generating questions in English with a certain similarity strategy.
0 	This paper presents a mixed similarity strategy which generates Chinese multiple choice distractors with a statistical regression model including orthographic, phonological and semantic features, i.e., features that were shown in previous psycholinguistics studies to contribute to character recognition.
0 	In a first experiment, we evaluated the predictive power of the proposed features in measuring Chinese character similarity.
0 	One of the significant experimental results showed that the combination of the four proposed categories of features (structure, semantic radical, stroke and meaning) accounts for 62.5 percent of the variance in the human judgments of character similarity.
0 	In the second experiment, a user study was conducted to evaluate the quality of system-generated questions using a test item analysis method.
0 	Two hundred ninety-six Chinese primary school students (10-11-year-old) participated in this study.
0 	We have compared the mixed strategy with another three common distractor generation strategies, orthographic strategy, semantic strategy, and phonological strategy.
0 	One of important findings suggested that the mixed strategy significantly outperformed other three strategies in terms of the distractor usefulness and has a highest discrimination power among four strategies.


###88
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.269315
#### Learning Buckets: Helping Teachers Introduce Flexibility in the Management of Learning Artifacts Across Spaces
0 	Technology offers rich opportunities for learning across different physical and virtual spaces.
0 	However, most of current across-spaces proposals are either highly teacher-centered, inflexible in the students' self-management of learning artifacts during the enactment, or allow the teacher little/no control of such students' management of artifacts.
0 	Moreover, these proposals tend to be disconnected from the practices and tools that are usual in the classroom.
0 	How can we achieve a middle ground between keeping the teacher in control of across-spaces situations and, at the same time, providing students with a degree of flexibility to manage learning artifacts?
0 	Aiming to address such a challenge we propose the notion of learning bucket, and the Bucket-Server, a system implementing such a notion.
0 	A learning bucket is a container of learning artifacts which are generated and/or accessed across-spaces by the students during the enactment, according to constraints configured by teachers at design time.
0 	The responsive evaluation conducted, based on a feature analysis and a pilot study with experts, suggests that learning buckets can help evolve from teacher- to student-centered approaches, while maintaining the teacher in control of students' actions.
0 	The evaluation also indicates that the Bucket-Server surpasses the support provided by alternative proposals to across-spaces learning.


###89
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.269068
#### Orchestration Load Indicators and Patterns: In-the-Wild Studies Using Mobile Eye-Tracking
0 	Orchestration load is the effort a teacher spends in coordinating multiple activities and learning processes.
0 	It has been proposed as a construct to evaluate the usability of learning technologies at the classroom level, in the same way that cognitive load is used as a measure of usability at the individual level.
0 	However, so far this notion has remained abstract.
0 	In order to ground orchestration load in empirical evidence and study it in a more systematic and detailed manner, we propose a method to quantify it, based on physiological data (concretely, mobile eye-tracking measures), along with human-coded behavioral data.
0 	This paper presents the results of applying this method to four exploratory case studies, where four teachers orchestrated technology-enhanced face-to-face lessons with primary, secondary school, and university students.
0 	The data from these studies provide a first validation of this method in different conditions, and illustrate how it can be used to understand the effect of different classroom factors on orchestration load.
0 	From these studies, we also extract empirical insights about classroom orchestration using technology.


###90
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.270409
#### Using the Tablet Gestures and Speech of Pairs of Students to Classify Their Collaboration
0 	Effective collaboration between student peers is not spontaneous.
0 	A system that can measure collaboration in real-time may be useful, as it could alert an instructor to pairs that need help in collaborating effectively.
0 	We tested whether superficial measures of speech and user interface actions would suffice for measuring collaboration.
0 	Pairs of students solved complex math problems while data were collected in the form of verbal interaction and user action logs from the students' tablets.
0 	We distinguished four classifications of interactivity: collaboration, cooperation, high asymmetric contribution and low asymmetric contribution.
0 	Human coders used richer data (several video streams) to choose one of these codes for each episode.
0 	Thousands of features were extracted computationally from the log and audio data.
0 	Machine learning was used to induce a detector that also assigned a code to each episode as a function of these features.
0 	Detectors for combinations of codes were induced as well.
0 	The best detector's overall accuracy was 96 percent (kappa = 0.92) compared to human coding.
0 	This high level of agreement suggests that superficial features of speech and log data do suffice for measuring collaboration.
0 	However, these results should be viewed as preliminary because the particular task may have made it relatively easy to distinguish collaboration from cooperation.


###91
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.270811
#### Mining Online Discussion Data for Understanding Teachers Reflective Thinking
0 	Teachers' online discussion text data shed light on their reflective thinking.
0 	With the growing scale of text data, the traditional way of manual coding, however, has been challenged.
0 	In order to process the large-scale unstructured text data, it is necessary to integrate the inductive content analysis method and educational data mining techniques.
0 	An inductive content analysis on samples taken from 17,624 posts was implemented and the categories of teachers' reflective thinking were obtained.
0 	Based on the results of inductive content analysis, we implemented a single-label text classification algorithm to classify the sample data.
0 	Then, we applied the trained classification model on a large-scale and unexplored online discussion text data set and two types of visualizations of the results were provided.
0 	By using the categories gained from inductive content analysis to create a radar map, teachers' reflection level was represented.
0 	In addition, a cumulative adjacency matrix was created to characterize the evolution of teachers' reflective thinking.
0 	This study could partly explain how teachers reflected in online professional learning environments and brought awareness to educational policy makers, teacher training managers, and education researchers.


###92
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.268745
#### Evaluating Cognitive and Affective Outcomes of a Digital Game-Based Math Test
0 	Even though digital learning games have become common in education, relatively little is known about the usefulness of game-based assessment.
0 	This paper aims to explore if a game-based math test can provide added value to math education with respect to cognitive and affective outcomes.
0 	We used in-game measures, embedded in the game called Semideus Exam, focusing on conceptual fraction knowledge.
0 	In order to validate the game-based assessment approach, we compared the cognitive outcomes of 51 Finnish sixth graders, who completed both paper-based and game-based math tests in a randomized order.
0 	In addition, the students' test anxiety and flow experience were measured to evaluate the affective outcomes.
0 	The results indicate that the game-based test scores correlated significantly with the paper-based test scores suggesting that the game-based assessment was successfully implemented and the game provided comparable data with the paper-based test approach.
0 	More importantly, the results revealed that game-based assessment lowered test anxiety and increased engagement which is likely to decrease assessment bias caused by test anxiety.
0 	In addition, the results show that earlier playing experience and gender did not influence the game-based test score suggesting fairness of the game-based assessment approach.
0 	Although we identified several benefits of the game-based assessment approach, more evidence is needed on the usefulness and fairness of game-based assessments.


###93
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.261430
#### From Learners to Earners: Enabling MOOC Learners to Apply Their Skills and Earn Money in an Online Market Place
0 	Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) aim to educate the world.
0 	More often than not, however, MOOCs fall short of this goal-a majority of learners are already highly educated (with a Bachelor's degree or more) and come from specific parts of the (developed) world.
0 	Learners from developing countries without a higher degree are underrepresented, though desired, in MOOCs.
0 	One reason for those learners to drop out of a course can be found in their financial realities and the subsequent limited amount of time they can dedicate to a course besides earning a living.
0 	If we could pay learners to take a MOOC, this hurdle would largely disappear.
0 	With MOOCS, this leads to the following fundamental challenge: How can learners be paid at scale?
0 	Ultimately, we envision a recommendation engine that recommends tasks from online market places such as Upwork or witmart to learners, that are relevant to the course content of the MOOC.
0 	In this manner, the learners learn and earn money.
0 	To investigate the feasibility of this vision, in this paper, we explored to what extent (1) online market places contain tasks relevant to a specific MOOC, and (2) learners are able to solve real-world tasks correctly and with sufficient quality.
0 	Finally, based on our experimental design, we were also able to investigate the impact of real-world bonus tasks in a MOOC on the general learner population.


###94
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.279987
#### A Multimodal Assessment Framework for Integrating Student Writing and Drawing in Elementary Science Learning
0 	Science learning is inherently multimodal, with students utilizing both drawings and writings to explain observations of physical phenomena.
0 	As such assessments in science should accommodate the many ways students express their understanding, especially given evidence that understanding is distributed across both drawing and writing.
0 	In recent years advanced automated assessment techniques that evaluate expressive student artifacts have emerged.
0 	However, these techniques have largely operated individually, each considering only a single mode.
0 	We propose a framework for the multimodal automated assessment of students' writing and drawing to leverage the synergies inherent across modalities and create a more complete and accurate picture of a student's knowledge.
0 	We introduce a multimodal assessment framework as well as two computational techniques for automatically analyzing student writings and drawings: a convolutional neural network-based model for assessing student writing, and a topology-based model for assessing student drawing.
0 	Evaluations with elementary students' writings and drawings collected with a tablet-based digital science notebook demonstrate that 1) each of the framework's two modalities provide an independent and complementary measure of student science learning, and 2) the computational methods are capable of accurately assessing student work from both modalities and offer the potential for integration in technology-rich learning environments for real-time formative assessment.


###95
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.282371
#### Adaptive Gamification for Learning Environments
0 	In spite of their effectiveness, learning environments often fail to engage users and end up under-used.
0 	Many studies show that gamification of learning environments can enhance learners' motivation to use learning environments.
0 	However, learners react differently to specific game mechanics and little is known about how to adapt gaming features to learners' profiles.
0 	In this paper, we propose a process for adapting gaming features based on a player model.
0 	This model is inspired from existing player typologies and types of gamification elements.
0 	Our approach is implemented in a learning environment with five different gaming features, and evaluated with 266 participants.
0 	The main results of this study show that, amongst the most engaged learners (i.e., learners who use the environment the longest), those with adapted gaming features spend significantly more time in the learning environment.
0 	Furthermore, learners with features that are not adapted have a higher level of amotivation.
0 	These results support the relevance of adapting gaming features to enhance learners' engagement, and provide cues on means to implement adaptation mechanisms.


###96
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.280818
#### Automatic Question Tagging with Deep Neural Networks
0 	In recent years, computerized adaptive testing (CAT) has gained popularity as an important means to evaluate students' ability.
0 	Assigning tags to test questions is crucial in CAT.
0 	Manual tagging is widely used for constructing question banks; however, this approach is time-consuming and might lead to consistency issues.
0 	Automatic question tagging, an alternative, has not been studied extensively.
0 	In this paper, we propose a position-based attention model and keywords-based model to automatically tag questions with knowledge units.
0 	With regard to multiple-choice questions, the proposed models employ mechanisms to capture useful information from keywords to enhance tagging performance.
0 	Unlike traditional machine learning-based tagging methods, our models utilize deep neural networks to represent questions using contextual information.
0 	The experimental results show that our proposed models outperform some traditional classification and topic methods by a large margin on an English question bank dataset.


###97
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.279319
#### Early Detection Prediction of Learning Outcomes in Online Short-Courses via Learning Behaviors
0 	We study learning outcome prediction for online courses.
0 	Whereas prior work has focused on semester-long courses with frequent student assessments, we focus on short-courses that have single outcomes assigned by instructors at the end.
0 	The lack of performance data and generally small enrollments makes the behavior of learners, captured as they interact with course content and with one another in Social Learning Networks (SLN), essential for prediction.
0 	Our method defines several (machine) learning features based on the processing of behaviors collected on the modes of (human) learning in a course, and uses them in appropriate classifiers.
0 	Through evaluation on data captured from three two-week courses hosted through our delivery platforms, we make three key observations: (i) behavioral data contains signals predictive of learning outcomes in short-courses (with classifiers achieving AUCs ≥ 0.8 after the two weeks), (ii) early detection is possible within the first week (AUCs ≥ 0.7 with the first week of data), and (iii) the content features have an “earliest” detection capability (with higher AUC in the first few days), while the SLN features become the more predictive set over time as the network matures.
0 	We also discuss how our method can generate behavioral analytics for instructors.


###98
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.282331
#### From Study Tactics to Learning Strategies: An Analytical Method for Extracting Interpretable Representations
0 	Research into self-regulated learning has traditionally relied upon self-reported data.
0 	While there is a rich body of literature that has extracted invaluable information from such sources, it suffers from a number of shortcomings.
0 	For instance, it has been shown that surveys often provide insight into students' perceptions about learning rather than how students actually employ study tactics and learning strategies.
0 	Accordingly, recent research has sought to assess students' learning strategies and, by extension, their self-regulated learning via trace data collected from digital learning environments.
0 	A number of studies have amply demonstrated the ability of educational data mining and learning analytics methods to identify patterns indicative of learning strategies within trace log data.
0 	However, many of these methods are limited in their ability to describe and interpret differences between extracted latent representations at varying levels of granularity (for instance, in terms of the underlying data of student actions and behavior).
0 	To address this limitation, the present study proposes a new methodology whereby interpretable representations of student's self-regulating behavior are derived at two theoretically inspired levels: that of learning strategies, and the study tactics that compose them.


###99
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.281813
#### Implementing On-Call-Tutor System for Facilitating Peer-Help Activities
0 	In this study, we developed an on-call-tutor system to facilitate peer-help activities.
0 	The system was implemented in a face-to-face heterogeneous classroom with 119 students from different departments who were not familiar with each other.
0 	Students learned Geographic Information System (GIS) in a computer classroom in two groups: students, who learned without our on-call-tutor system, were in a control group whereas those, who learned with our on-call-tutor system, were in an experimental group.
0 	When students had any difficulties during the learning process (e.g., to use GIS), they could request help face-to-face (the control group) or through the system (the experimental group).
0 	When students requested help via the system, it selected one student from a pool of those who perceived himself/herself to have excellent learning progress and then assigned him/her as a tutor to a student in need (tutee).
0 	We carried out this study to explore whether our on-call-tutor system is useful to facilitate peer-help activities and to enhance student learning performance.
0 	To this end, based on the theoretical framework of this study, we designed an experiment in which learning performance and behavior of students in the two groups were explored and compared.
0 	We also analyzed student social network and investigated whether it can be extended with the support of the on-call-tutor system.
0 	Finally, factors that influence making a friend with an unfamiliar classmate and relationship among these factors were explored.
0 	For the data analysis, we gathered student logs to send messages, to help peers, and their practice time.
0 	We also collected students' responses to a questionnaire survey about their attitudes towards using our on-call-tutor system.
0 	In addition, student learning performance was measured and interviews with students were carried out.
0 	Our results showed that, compared to students in the control group, those in the experimental group had more peer-help activities and better learning performance.
0 	Results also showed that students built their social network in which they interacted with each other and obtained/provided social support and useful knowledge for learning purpose.
0 	In addition, we found that usefulness of our system for learning was the main factor that influenced students' willingness to build friendship in the social network with familiar/unfamiliar classmates and then communicate with them.
0 	Based on our results, we suggest employing the on-call-tutor system in a heterogeneously grouped classroom in order to facilitate peer-help activities, especially when students learn difficult subjects like computer software and are not acquainted with one another.
0 	Our system is useful for students in requesting help and finding a tutor in case when they need assistance or some further learning information.
0 	With the assistance of our system, students can build the social network among classmates and communicate with each other in order to find/provide learning assistance and social support.
0 	As a result, student peer-help activities can be facilitated and learning performance enhanced.


###100
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.280744
#### Personalized Affective Feedback to Address Students’ Frustration in ITS
0 	The importance of affective states in learning has led many Intelligent Tutoring Systems (ITS) to include students' affective states in their learner models.
0 	The adaptation and hence the benefits of an ITS can be improved by detecting and responding to students' affective states.
0 	In prior work, we have created and validated a theory-driven model for detecting students' frustration, as well as identifying its causes as students interact with the ITS.
0 	In this paper, we present a strategy to respond to students' frustration by offering motivational messages that address different causes of frustration.
0 	Based on attribution theory, these messages are created to praise the student's effort, attribute the results to the identified cause, show sympathy for failure or obtain feedback from the students.
0 	We implemented our approach in three schools where students interacted with the ITS.
0 	Data from 188 students from the three schools collected across two weeks was used for our analysis.
0 	The results suggest that the frustration instances reduced significantly statistically (p <; 0:05), due to the motivational messages.
0 	This study suggests that motivational messages that use attribution theory and address the reason for frustration reduce the number of frustration instances per session.


###101
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.281087
#### SciChallenge: A Social Media Aware Platform for Contest-Based STEM Education and Motivation of Young Students
0 	Scientific and technological innovations have become increasingly important as we face the benefits and challenges of both globalization and a knowledge-based economy.
0 	Still, enrolment rates in STEM degrees are low in many European countries and consequently there is a lack of adequately educated workforce in industries.
0 	We believe that this can be mainly attributed to pedagogical issues, such as the lack of engaging hands-on activities utilized for science and math education in middle and high schools.
0 	In this paper, we report our work in the SciChallenge European project, which aims at increasing the interest of preuniversity students in STEM disciplines, through its distinguishing feature, the systematic use of social media for providing and evaluation of the student-generated content.
0 	A social media-aware contest and platform were thus developed and tested in a panEuropean contest that attracted >700 participants.
0 	The statistical analysis and results revealed that the platform and contest positively influenced participants STEM learning and motivation, while only the gender factor for the younger study group appeared to affect the outcomes (confidence level - p<;.05).


###102
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2017.278442
#### Using Machine Learning to Detect ‘Multiple-Account’ Cheating and Analyze the Influence of Student and Problem Features
0 	One of the reported methods of cheating in online environments in the literature is CAMEO (Copying Answers using Multiple Existences Online), where harvesting accounts are used to obtain correct answers that are later submitted in the master account which gives the student credit to obtain a certificate.
0 	In previous research, we developed an algorithm to identify and label submissions that were cheated using the CAMEO method; this algorithm relied on the IP of the submissions.
0 	In this study, we use this tagged sample of submissions to i) compare the influence of student and problems characteristics on CAMEO and ii) build a random forest classifier that detects submissions as CAMEO without relying on IP, achieving sensitivity and specificity levels of 0.966 and 0.996, respectively.
0 	Finally, we analyze the importance of the different features of the model finding that student features are the most important variables towards the correct classification of CAMEO submissions, concluding also that student features have more influence on CAMEO than problem features.


###103
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.283694
#### When Does Collaboration Lead to Deeper Learning? Renewed Definitions of Collaboration for Engineering Students
0 	Collaboration is an increasingly important and difficult skill for graduate engineers to develop.
0 	While universities provide some measures of collaboration ability of students on graduation, there is still some dissatisfaction with the level of preparedness of students for collaborative activity in the workplace.
0 	This paper presents a case study of a first year engineering cohort of more than 350 students to discuss the value of improving both the measures and definitions of collaborative ability on graduation of engineering students in a blended learning context.
0 	Research methods from student approaches to learning research and social network analysis are adopted to provide experiential and mathematical evidence of successful collaboration.
0 	The results provide a characterization of groups of students with respect to their approach to collaboration and the features most common in productively collaborative students.
0 	The discussion has implications for teaching, course design, and how universities define and measure collaborative ability of students.


###104
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2018.283037
#### MOOCs as a Remedial Complement: Students’ Adoption and Learning Outcomes
0 	The effectiveness of remedial mathematics courses in post-secondary education has been a controversial topic for years.
0 	Higher Education institutions need their students to have basic understandings of the subjects to be imparted in the first semesters, but since they come with different backgrounds and prior knowledge, this is not always possible and many students struggle in their first courses.
0 	This paper presents the results of students' adoption and learning outcomes of using four MOOCs as a complementary study resource for an on-campus calculus diagnostic exam.
0 	Over 700 newly admitted university students had to take a mandatory diagnostic exam on four calculus topics before classes started.
0 	MOOCs were proposed as a voluntary support for studying these subjects.
0 	Following a mixed method analysis, we studied why and when the students used the online courses and we also measured the effects of its use in terms of the students' diagnostic exam grades and learning outcomes.
0 	The results show that students mostly used the MOOCs to study the subjects that were not covered in their secondary studies.
0 	Students who were active in these course topics obtained better scores, having more chances of passing the diagnostic exam than students who did not study with the MOOCs.
0 	Furthermore, students not only used the MOOCs for studying for the exam, but also for refreshing concepts for future courses.


###105
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.291107
#### Improving Predictive Modeling for At-Risk Student Identification: A Multistage Approach
0 	Performance prediction is a leading topic in learning analytics research due to its potential to impact all tiers of education.
0 	This study proposes a novel predictive modeling method to address the research gaps in existing performance prediction research.
0 	The gaps addressed include: the lack of existing research focus on performance prediction rather than identifying key performance factors; the lack of common predictors identified for both K-12 and higher education environments; and the misplaced focus on absolute engagement levels rather than relative engagement levels.
0 	Two datasets, one from higher education and the other from a K-12 online school with 13 368 students in more than 300 courses, were applied using the predictive modeling technique.
0 	The results showed the newly suggested approach had higher overall accuracy and sensitivity rates than the traditional approach.
0 	In addition, two generalizable predictors were identified from instruction-intensive and discussion-intensive courses.


###106
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.291216
#### Developing Early Detectors of Student Attrition and Wheel Spinning Using Deep Learning
0 	The increased usage of computer-based learning platforms and online tools in classrooms presents new opportunities to not only study the underlying constructs involved in the learning process, but also use this information to identify and aid struggling students.
0 	Many learning platforms, particularly those driving or supplementing instruction, are only able to provide aid to students who interact with the system.
0 	With this in mind, student persistence emerges as a prominent learning construct contributing to students success when learning new material.
0 	Conversely, high persistence is not always productive for students, where additional practice does not help the student move toward a state of mastery of the material.
0 	In this paper, we apply a transfer learning methodology using deep learning and traditional modeling techniques to study high and low representations of unproductive persistence.
0 	We focus on two prominent problems in the fields of educational data mining and learner analytics representing low persistence, characterized as student “stopout,” and unproductive high persistence, operationalized through student “wheel spinning,” in an effort to better understand the relationship between these measures of unproductive persistence (i.e., stopout and wheel spinning) and develop early detectors of these behaviors.
0 	We find that models developed to detect each within and across-assignment stopout and wheel spinning are able to learn sets of features that generalize to predict the other.
0 	We further observe how these models perform at each learning opportunity within student assignments to identify when interventions may be deployed to best aid students who are likely to exhibit unproductive persistence.


###107
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.291106
#### A Quest for a One-Size-Fits-All Neural Network: Early Prediction of Students at Risk in Online Courses
0 	A significant amount of research effort has been put into finding variables that can identify students at risk based on activity records available in learning management systems (LMS).
0 	These variables often depend on the context, for example, the course structure, how the activities are assessed or whether the course is entirely online or a blended course.
0 	To the best of our knowledge, a predictive model that can generalize well to many different types of courses using data available in the LMS does not currently exist in the learning analytics literature.
0 	In this study, early prediction of students at risk is tackled by training a number of neural networks to predict which students would likely submit their assignments on time based on their activity up to two days before assignments' due dates.
0 	Five different datasets that cover a total of 78 722 student enrolments in 5487 courses have been used in this study.
0 	In order to improve how well the neural networks generalize, our networks can perform different forms of feature engineering using course peers data.
0 	The different architectures of these networks have been compared to find the one with more predictive power.
0 	To validate the models trained from the networks, both new datasets and unseen examples extracted from the same datasets have been used for training.
0 	Our research show that adding contextual information results in better prediction accuracies and F1 scores.
0 	Our networks are able to give predictions with accuracies in the 67.46-81.63% range and F1 scores in the 71.30-83.09% range.


###108
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.291183
#### How Widely Can Prediction Models Be Generalized? Performance Prediction in Blended Courses
0 	Blended courses that mix in-person instruction with online platforms are increasingly common in secondary education.
0 	These platforms record a rich amount of data on students' study habits and social interactions.
0 	Prior research has shown that these metrics are correlated with students performance in face-to-face classes.
0 	However, predictive models for blended courses are still limited and have not yet succeeded at early prediction or cross-class predictions, even for repeated offerings of the same course.
0 	In this paper, we use data from two offerings of two different undergraduate courses to train and evaluate predictive models of student performance based on persistent student characteristics including study habits and social interactions.
0 	We analyze the performance of these models on the same offering, on different offerings of the same course, and across courses to see how well they generalize.
0 	We also evaluate the models on different segments of the courses to determine how early reliable predictions can be made.
0 	This paper tells us in part how much data is required to make robust predictions and how cross-class data may be used, or not, to boost model performance.
0 	The results of this study will help us better understand how similar the study habits, social activities, and the teamwork styles are across semesters for students in each performance category.
0 	These trained models also provide an avenue to improve our existing support platforms to better support struggling students early in the semester with the goal of providing timely intervention.


###109
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.291107
#### Interpretable Multiview Early Warning System Adapted to Underrepresented Student Populations
0 	Early warning systems have been progressively implemented in higher education institutions to predict student performance.
0 	However, they usually fail at effectively integrating the many information sources available at universities to make more accurate and timely predictions, they often lack decision-making reasoning to motivate the reasons behind the predictions, and they are generally biased toward the general student body, ignoring the idiosyncrasies of underrepresented student populations (determined by socio-demographic factors such as race, gender, residency, or status as a freshmen, transfer, adult, or first-generation students) that traditionally have greater difficulties and performance gaps.
0 	This paper presents a multiview early warning system built with comprehensible Genetic Programming classification rules adapted to specifically target underrepresented and underperforming student populations.
0 	The system integrates many student information repositories using multiview learning to improve the accuracy and timing of the predictions.
0 	Three interfaces have been developed to provide personalized and aggregated comprehensible feedback to students, instructors, and staff to facilitate early intervention and student support.
0 	Experimental results, validated with statistical analysis, indicate that this multiview learning approach outperforms traditional classifiers.
0 	Learning outcomes will help instructors and policy-makers to deploy strategies to increase retention and improve academics.


###110
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.291158
#### Multiview Learning for Early Prognosis of Academic Performance: A Case Study
0 	Educational data mining has gained a lot of attention among scientists in recent years and constitutes an efficient tool for unraveling the concealed knowledge in educational data.
0 	Recently, semisupervised learning methods have been gradually implemented in the educational process demonstrating their usability and effectiveness.
0 	Cotraining is a representative semisupervised method aiming to exploit both labeled and unlabeled examples, provided that each example is described by two features views.
0 	Nevertheless, it is yet to be used in various scientific fields, among which the educational field as well, since the assumption about the existence of two feature views cannot be easily put into practice.
0 	Within this context, the main purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficiency of a proposed cotraining method for early prognosis of undergraduate students' performance in the final examinations of a distance course based on a plethora of attributes which are naturally divided into two distinct views, since they are originated from different sources.
0 	More specifically, the first view consists of attributes regarding students' characteristics and academic achievements which are manually filled out by their tutors, whereas the second one consists of attributes tracking students' online activity in the course learning management system and which are automatically recorded by the system.
0 	The experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed cotraining method as opposed to state-of-the-art semisupervised and supervised methods.


###111
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.291107
#### Predicting the Risk of Academic Dropout With Temporal Multi-Objective Optimization
0 	In the European academic systems, the public funding to single universities depends on many factors, which are periodically evaluated.
0 	One of such factors is the rate of success, that is, the rate of students that do complete their course of study.
0 	At many levels, therefore, there is an increasing interest in being able to predict the risk that a student will abandon the studies, so that (specific, personal) corrective actions may be designed.
0 	In this paper, we propose an innovative temporal optimization model that is able to identify the earliest moment in a student's career in which a reliable prediction can be made concerning his/her risk of dropping out from the course of studies.
0 	Unlike most available models, our solution can be based on the academic behavior alone, and our evidence suggests that by ignoring classically used attributes such as the gender or the results of pre-academic studies one obtains more accurate, and less biased, models.
0 	We tested our system on real data from the three-year degree in computer science offered by the University of Ferrara (Italy).


###112
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.291335
#### Feature Extraction for Next-Term Prediction of Poor Student Performance
0 	Developing tools to support students and learning in a traditional or online setting is a significant task in today's educational environment.
0 	The initial steps toward enabling such technologies using machine learning techniques focused on predicting the student's performance in terms of the achieved grades.
0 	However, these approaches do not perform as well in predicting poor-performing students.
0 	The objective of our work is twofold.
0 	First, in order to overcome this limitation, we explore if poorly performing students can be more accurately predicted by formulating the problem as binary classification, based on data provided before the start of the semester.
0 	Second, in order to gain insights as to which are the factors that can lead to poor performance, we engineered a number of human-interpretable features that quantify these factors.
0 	These features were derived from the students' grades from the University of Minnesota, an undergraduate public institution.
0 	Based on these features, we perform a study to identify different student groups of interest, while at the same time, identify their importance.
0 	As the resulting models provide us with different subsets of correct predictions, their combination can boost the overall performance.


###113
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.291216
#### An Early Feedback Prediction System for Learners At-Risk Within a First-Year Higher Education Course
0 	Identifying at-risk students as soon as possible is a challenge in educational institutions.
0 	Decreasing the time lag between identification and real at-risk state may significantly reduce the risk of failure or disengage.
0 	In small courses, their identification is relatively easy, but it is impractical on larger ones.
0 	Current Learning Management Systems store a large amount of data that could help to generate predictive models to early identification of students in online and blended learning.
0 	The contribution of this paper is twofold: First, a new adaptive predictive model is presented based only on students' grades specifically trained for each course.
0 	A deep analysis is performed in the whole institution to evaluate its performance accuracy.
0 	Second, an early warning system is developed, focusing on dashboards visualization for stakeholders (i.e., students and teachers) and an early feedback prediction system to intervene in the case of at-risk identification.
0 	The early warning system has been evaluated in a case study on a first-year undergraduate course in computer science.
0 	We show the accuracy of the correct identification of at-risk students, the students' appraisal, and the most common factors that lead to at-risk level.


###114
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.291160
#### From Lab to Production: Lessons Learnt and Real-Life Challenges of an Early Student-Dropout Prevention System
0 	This paper presents the work done to support student dropout risk prevention in a real online e-learning environment: A Spanish distance university with thousands of undergraduate students.
0 	The main goal is to prevent students from abandoning the university by means of retention actions focused on the most at-risk students, trying to maximize the effectiveness of institutional efforts in this direction.
0 	With this purpose, we generated predictive models based on the C5.0 algorithm using data from more than 11,000 students collected along five years.
0 	Then, we developed SPA (Sistema de Predicciæn de Abandono, dropout prediction system in Spanish), an early warning system that uses these models to generate static early dropout-risk predictions and dynamic periodically updated ones.
0 	It also supports the recording of the resulting retention-oriented interventions for further analysis.
0 	SPA is in production since 2017 and is currently in its fourth semester of continuous use.
0 	It has calculated more than 117,000 risk scores to predict the dropout risk of more than 5700 students.
0 	About 13,000 retention actions have been recorded.
0 	The white-box predictive models used in production provided reasonably good results, very close to those obtained in the laboratory.
0 	On the way from research to production, we faced several challenges that needed to be effectively addressed in order to be successful.
0 	In this paper, we share the challenges faced and the lessons learnt during this process.
0 	We hope this helps those who wish to cross the road from predictive modeling with potential value to the exploitation of complete dropout prevention systems that provide sustained value in real production scenarios.


###115
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2019.291128
#### Pedagogical Intervention Practices: Improving Learning Engagement Based on Early Prediction
0 	Most educational institutions adopted the hybrid teaching mode through learning management systems.
0 	The logging data/clickstream could describe learners' online behavior.
0 	Many researchers have used them to predict students' performance, which has led to a diverse set of findings, but how to use insights from captured data to enhance learning engagement is an open question.
0 	Furthermore, identifying students at risk of failure is only the first step in truly addressing this issue.
0 	It is important to create actionable predictive model in the real-world contexts to design interventions.
0 	In this paper, we first extracted features from students' learning activities and study habits to predict students' performance in the Kung Fu style competency education.
0 	Then, we proposed a TrAdaBoost-based transfer learning model, which was pretrained using the data of the former course iteration and applied to the current course iteration.
0 	Our results showed that the generalization ability of the prediction model across the teaching iterations is high, and the model can achieve relatively high precision even when the new data are not sufficient to train a model alone.
0 	This work helped in timely intervention toward the at-risk students.
0 	In addition, two intervention experiments with split-test were conducted separately in Fall 2017 and Summer 2018.
0 	The statistical tests showed that both behavior-based reminding intervention and error-related recommending intervention that based on early prediction played a positive role in improving the blended learning engagement.


###116
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.255411
#### Context-Aware Learning in Physics Experiments
0 	Smart Glasses such as Google Glass are mobile computers combining classical Head-Mounted Displays (HMD) with several sensors.
0 	Therefore, contact-free, sensor-based experiments can be linked with relating, near-eye presented multiple representations.
0 	We will present a first approach on how Smart Glasses can be used as an experimental tool for head-centered, context-aware, wearable-technology-enhanced, and inquiry-based learning in physics education.
0 	Therefore, we developed an app that is based on the Google Glass platform and designed to perform educational physical experiments on the topic of acoustics.
0 	Its initial application is intended for high-school students whose task is to study the relationship between the frequency of the sound generated by hitting a glass of water and the amount of water in the glass.
0 	The core idea is to have Google Glass automatically measure both the water fill level with the camera and the sound frequency with the microphone, and incrementally generate a fill level/frequency graph in the HMD.
0 	We designed an educational setting and studied its effect on cognitive and affective variables with an intervention-control-group design.
0 	While the intervention group analyzed the fill level/frequency relationship with the Google Glass platform, control group 1 worked on the phenomenon using the same platform implemented on a tablet PC.
0 	Control group 2 analyzed the phenomenon using a tablet PC with a typical mobile-based education platform.
0 	We used a two-way ANCOVA to study learning outcome, wondering, curiosity, cognitive load, and experimentation time as dependent variables of 46 high-school eighth-graders together with group membership and gender influence as independent variables.
0 	While the positive effects of using Google Glass as a mobile lab on wondering and curiosity as well as a positive trend for experimentation time were detected, no differences were analyzed for learning achievement.
0 	Although students have a higher cognitive load when working with Google Glass compared to other devices, the cognitive load level is very low in general.


###117
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.262704
#### Can You Help Me with My Pitch? Studying a Tool for Real-Time Automated Feedback
0 	In our pursue to study effective real-time feedback in Technology Enhanced Learning, we developed the Presentation Trainer, a tool designed to support the practice of nonverbal communication skills for public speaking.
0 	The tool tracks the user's voice and body to analyze her performance, and selects the type of real-time feedback to be presented.
0 	This paper describes an empirical study where we tested the effects of the Presentation Trainer's feedback on learners who used the tool while practicing for an elevator-pitch.
0 	Results from this study reveal that the feedback has a significant effect on the learners' motivation, confidence, self-awareness, and performance.


###118
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.255667
#### Enhancing Physical Education with Exergames and Wearable Technology
0 	Increases in the numbers of obese and overweight children are a major issue in post-industrial societies because obesity can lead to severe health-related problems.
0 	In addition, many challenges affect the quantity and quality of physical education (PE) provided by schools.
0 	Exergames that combine exercise with gaming have been recognized as a possible method for motivating children to become physically active and to make PE more fun.
0 	Furthermore, exergames that utilize wearable sensors devices allow players' movements to be tracked for estimating the efficiency of exercise.
0 	In this study, we developed the Running Othello 2 (RO2) exergame, where players wear a smartphone and a smart wrist band to compete in a board game enhanced with physical and pedagogical missions.
0 	In physical missions, the game uses inertial sensors and a heart rate meter to detect the physical activities of players.
0 	The pedagogical part of the game is based on the South Korean PE curriculum.
0 	We evaluated RO2 with 61 South Korean third grade elementary school students, 32 of whom learned curriculum topics by playing the game.
0 	The other 29 students comprised a control group who studied the pedagogical content using handouts.
0 	The results indicated that learning with RO2 was more efficient, the players were engaged, and their heart rates increased.
0 	Based on the evaluation, we identified several issues to be addressed in future research.
0 	Finally, we discussed how RO2 supports the educational affordances of wearables and we explained how exergames using wearables can overcome some of the challenges faced by PE.


###119
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.260226
#### Representing and Reconciling Personal Data and Experience in a Wearable Technology Gaming Project
0 	Extant literature has largely not examined how users critically engage with their physical activity monitors, as objective data sense-making is often deemed superior to users' subjective realities.
0 	Our research, however, examines how middle-school youth encounter the representation of their data, as it is converted and actionable in an online game.
0 	This ethnographic study illustrates how youth negotiate conflicts between their data and embodied experience.
0 	Using a grounded theory approach, our analysis of interviews and focus groups reveals emergent categories of resistance such as youth evaluating the incompatibility of the device, disputing the device's step-count accuracy and syncing, and disputing the game's conversion of steps.
0 	In particular, we highlight the ways youth sometimes privileged their embodied recollections over the device's seemingly accurate data.
0 	The article also provides a case of a day during implementation when youth converged on a single form of resistance, game conversion, and examines their reasoning and alternate forms of data validation that we saw in-action on that day.
0 	Finally, we discuss benefits to learning and critical engagement that result from users' disputes and conclude by positing the promise in designing physical activity monitors for engagement, instead of exclusively persuasion or reward.


###120
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.259714
#### Appropriating Quantified Self Technologies to Support Elementary Statistical Teaching and Learning
0 	Wearable activity tracking devices associated with the Quantified Self movement have potential benefit for educational settings because they produce authentic and granular data about activities and experiences already familiar to youth.
0 	This article explores how that potential could be realized through explicit acknowledgment of and response to tacit design assumptions about how such technologies will be used in practice and strategic design for use in a classroom.
0 	We argue that particular practical adaptations that we have identified serve to ensure that the classroom and educational use cases are appropriately considered.
0 	As an example of how those adaptations are realized in actual elementary classrooms, we describe an effort to provide fifth-grade students each with their own Fitbit activity trackers in the context of a multi-week unit exploring core ideas in elementary statistics.
0 	Observational descriptions and transcript excerpts of students and teachers discussing their own Fitbit data are presented to illustrate what opportunities exist to leverage youth familiarity with daily activities in a way that targets development of statistical thinking.
0 	Quantitative written test results showing learning gains and differences between traditional and wearable device-enhanced instruction are also presented.
0 	Improvement on several statistical thinking constructs is identified, including in the areas of data display, conceptions of statistics, modeling variability, and informal inference.


###121
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.255733
#### Introducing IoT and Wearable Technologies into Task-Based Language Learning for Young Children
0 	In the last few years, in an attempt to further motivate students to learn a foreign language, there has been an increasing interest in task-based teaching techniques, which emphasize communication and the practical use of language, thus moving away from the repetitive grammar-translation methods.
0 	Within this approach, the significance of situating foreign language learners in scenarios where they can meaningfully learn has become a major priority for many educators.
0 	This approach is particularly relevant in the context of teaching foreign languages to young children, who need to be introduced to a new language by means of very concrete vocabulary, which is facilitated by the use of objects that they can handle and see.
0 	In this study, we investigate the benefits of using wearable and Internet-of-Things (IoT) technologies in streamlining the creation of such realistic task-based language learning scenarios.
0 	We show that the use of these technologies will prove beneficial by freeing the instructors of having to keep records of the tasks performed by each student during the class session.
0 	Instead, instructors can focus their efforts on creating a friendly environment and encouraging students to participate.
0 	Our study sets up a basis for showing the great benefits of using wearable and IoT technologies in streamlining 1) the creation of realistic scenarios in which young foreign language learners can feel comfortable engaging in chat and becoming better prepared for social interaction in a foreign language, and 2) the acquisition and processing of performance metrics.


###122
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.262756
#### Knowledge Construction in Computer Science and Engineering when Learning Through Making
0 	This paper focuses on a design based research study about STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths) learning by making through collaboration and production.
0 	This study examines learning by making by students to explore STEM using a constructionist approach with a particular focus on computer science and engineering.
0 	The use of IoT as a technology enhanced learning (TEL) tool created the learning conditions to be studied: (a) collaborative: no one person had the knowledge to complete the project alone, (b) problem-based: no off the shelf solution was used, and (c) multidisciplinary: the learning context pushed the boundaries across the subjects.
0 	The study investigated the learning conditions and indicators of collaboration and production taking place when learning about STEM.
0 	The results were used to inform the design of effective data analytics and visualization tools for the PELARS project to advance practice-based learning activities in STEM teaching.
0 	However, more specifically, the findings provide insight into the knowledge construction process when learning through making in complex environments.
0 	These insights illustrate the combined pedagogical value of collaboration and production supporting the multidisciplinary learning opportunities.
0 	The importance of community knowledge construction and its relationship to the pedagogical approach is examined.
0 	The significance of these findings in the context of IoT TEL tools in education is explored.


###123
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.259477
#### A Methodology to Obtain Learning Effective Laboratories with Learning Management System Integration
0 	Online laboratories are useful and valuable resources in high education, especially in engineering studies.
0 	This work presents a methodology to create effective laboratories for learning that interact with a Learning Management System (LMS) to achieve advanced integration.
0 	It is based on pedagogical aspects and considers not only the laboratory application itself but also related resources that complement it.
0 	The methodology is flexible, covers all possible cases, and it is structured in stages that can be used with any system architecture, standards, or type of online laboratory (virtual, remote, or hybrid) because it abstracts technical aspects at a high level.
0 	This methodology facilitates the creation of new online labs so that any teacher, even those without specialized knowledge, can clarify many of the questions that may arise and gain understanding of how to implement an effective online laboratory with LMS integration to assist learning.
0 	As an example and validation of the methodology, this work describes a laboratory developed as a Shared Content Object Reference Model (SCORM) package which is hosted in the institutional LMS at the University of Jaen.
0 	The laboratory was presented to 338 students taking an Industrial Automation class, and student evaluations were quite positive.


###124
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.255666
#### A Debate and Decision-Making Tool for Enhanced Learning
0 	Debates have been used to develop critical thinking within teaching environments.
0 	Many learning activities are configured as working groups, which use debates to make decisions.
0 	Nevertheless, in a classroom debate, only a few students can participate; large work groups are similarly limited.
0 	Whilst the use of web tools would appear to offer a convenient solution, none of those currently available provides an automated system for organizing contributions into a logical structure, or for making decisions.
0 	To address this problem, this paper describes a new tool for managing and structuring debates over the Internet, and presents the results of a series of trials in an educational context.
0 	The tool enables users to post opinions and proposals, and to make multiple group decisions.
0 	The main advantages are that it does not require a moderator, and all contributions are automatically arranged into an intuitive structure.
0 	Thus, it enabled large groups to carry out bigger projects.
0 	Empirical results showed that it also encouraged the involvement of all the students in debates and allowed the participation of each student to be evaluated.
0 	The tool demonstrated its advantages over traditional oral debates and, as far as we are aware, it incorporates features not found in any other comparable web tool.


###125
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.252164
#### Agent Supported Serious Game Environment
0 	This study proposes and applies a novel concept for an AI enhanced serious game collaborative environment as a supplementary learning tool in tertiary education.
0 	It is based on previous research that investigated pedagogical agents for a serious game in the OpenSim environment.
0 	The proposed AI features to support the serious game are the following: a) a pedagogical game agent, b) non-playing characters, c) chat bots, and d) a game interface called “Progress Map”.
0 	This study aims to explore whether the utilization of AI features in game based collaborative learning in a tertiary education course can positively affect students' attitudes towards the course and educational games, students' game performance, as well as the students' perception of their learning environment.
0 	Summarizing, even though the intelligent game environment does not affect students' attitudes, neither towards the course nor towards the educational games, it has a positive impact on the performance of the teams and so it can be considered useful in collaborative game based learning.
0 	Moreover, the intelligent game environment improves the cohesiveness in the classroom after the completion of the game activity in terms of helping, supporting, and becoming connected to each-other.


###126
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.251817
#### Analyzing the Impact of Using Optional Activities in Self-Regulated Learning
0 	Self-regulated learning (SRL) environments provide students with activities to improve their learning (e.g., by solving exercises), but they might also provide optional activities (e.g., changing an avatar image or setting goals) where students can decide whether they would like to use or do them and how.
0 	Few works have dealt with the use of optional activities in SRL environments.
0 	This paper thus analyzes the use of optional activities in two case studies with a SRL approach.
0 	We found that the level of use of optional activites was low with only 23.1 percent of students making use of some functionality, while the level of use of learning activities was higher.
0 	Optional activities which are not related to learning are used more.
0 	We also explored the behavior of students using some of the optional activities in the courses such as setting goals and voting comments, finding that students finished the goals they set in more than 50 percent of the time and that they voted their peers' comments in a positive way.
0 	We also found that gender and the type of course can influence which optional activities are used.
0 	Moreover, the relations of the use of optional activities with proficient exercises and learning gains is low when taking out third variables, but we believe that optional activities might motivate students and produce better learning in an indirect way.


###127
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.255666
#### BH-ShaDe: A Software Tool that Assists Architecture Students in the Ill-Structured Task of Housing Design
0 	In this paper, we present BH-ShaDe, a new software tool to assist architecture students learning the ill-structured domain/task of housing design.
0 	The software tool provides students with automatic or interactively generated floor plan schemas for basic houses.
0 	The students can then use the generated schemas as initial seeds to develop complete residential projects.
0 	The main goal of our research was to obtain evidence about whether or not such schemas can be useful to architecture students.
0 	A first prototype of the tool was evaluated with 78 students, with positive results.
0 	However, the students seemed to demand increased user participation, so they could contribute to generating better quality starting points.
0 	A second prototype was therefore implemented, allowing a higher degree of interactivity.
0 	The second prototype was evaluated with a new group of 50 students.
0 	From the two evaluations performed, it can be concluded that both versions of the tool were able to generate useful starting points (either automatically or interactively) that expedited the design process.
0 	Additionally, in the second experiment, we found that neither the nature (automatic or interactive) nor the quality of the starting point seems to have any effect on the perceived quality of the final projects.


###128
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.252457
#### Designing a Secure Exam Management System (SEMS) for M-Learning Environments
0 	M-learning has enhanced the e-learning by making the learning process learner-centered.
0 	However, enforcing exam security in open environments where each student has his/her own mobile/tablet device connected to a Wi-Fi network through which it is further connected to the Internet can be one of the most challenging tasks.
0 	In such environments, students can easily exchange information over the network during exam time.
0 	This paper aims to identify various vulnerabilities that may violate exam security in m-learning environments and to design the appropriate security services and countermeasures that can be put in place to ensure exam security.
0 	It also aims to integrate the resulting secure exam system with an existing, open-source, and widely accepted Learning Management System (LMS) and its service extension to the m-learning environment, namely “the Moodbile Project”.


###129
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.254166
#### Early Prediction of Student Profiles Based on Performance and Gaming Preferences
0 	State of the art research shows that gamified learning can be used to engage students and help them perform better.
0 	However, most studies use a one-size-fits-all approach to gamification, where individual differences and needs are ignored.
0 	In a previous study, we identified four types of students attending a gamified college course, characterized by different levels of performance, engagement and behavior.
0 	In this paper, we present a new experiment where we study what data best characterizes each of our student types and explore if this data can be used to predict a student's type early in the course.
0 	To this end, we used machine-learning algorithms to classify student data from one term and predict the students' type on another term.
0 	We identified two sets of relevant features that best describe our types, one containing only performance measurements and another also containing data regarding the students' gaming preferences.
0 	Results show that performance alone can be used to predict student type with 79 percent accuracy by midterm.
0 	However, its accuracy improves when paired with gaming data at earlier stages of the course.
0 	In this paper, we clearly describe our findings and discuss the lessons learned from this experiment.


###130
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.254625
#### Supporting Semantic Annotation of Educational Content by Automatic Extraction of Hierarchical Domain Relationships
0 	The domain model is an essential part of an adaptive learning system.
0 	For each educational course, it involves educational content and semantics, which is also viewed as a form of conceptual metadata about educational content.
0 	Due to the size of a domain model, manual domain model creation is a challenging and demanding task for teachers or content (and metadata) authors.
0 	We propose a method for the automated acquisition of hierarchical relationships between relevant domain terms from educational content, which constitutes a fundamental step in the semantic composition of an educational course.
0 	The method is based on existing text mining methods and applied to educational content.
0 	We evaluate our approach by performing several experiments.
0 	The evaluation shows that the method's performance is very promising.
0 	A study in a real-user scenario reveals that despite the fact that utilization of our method does not necessarily improve the speed of the domain model creation nor does it reduce the overall difficulty of the task, a significant improvement in the quality of resulting domain models has been observed.
0 	Our work is a promising contribution to the growing field of automated domain model acquisition.


###131
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.257291
#### PhD 1969-2016
0 	Recounts the career and contributions of Martin Wolpers.


###132
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.247199
#### Novel Approach to Facilitating Tradeoff Multi-Objective Grouping Optimization
0 	The grouping problem is critical in collaborative learning (CL) because of the complexity and difficulty in adequate grouping, based on various grouping criteria and numerous learners.
0 	Previous studies have paid attention to certain research questions, and the consideration for a number of learner characteristics has arisen.
0 	Such a multi-objective grouping problem is with conflicting grouping objectives, involving the benefit objective (e.g.
0 	learning achievement) and cost objective (e.g.
0 	class rank) which are conflicting in different directions.
0 	This study first proposed a novel approach based on the enhancement of a Genetic Algorithm (GA) with the Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) for facilitating the tradeoff multi-objective grouping optimization, and based on the proposed approach further developed a web-based group support system to help educators for adequate grouping of homogeneous inter-group and heterogeneous intra-group.
0 	In addition, the distribution of learners in the class was considered for group formation.
0 	Two types of experiments were conducted; one involved a performance analysis against a GA and the Random approach, and the other entailed a study on CL with 90 participants.
0 	The experimental results showed the following: 1) The proposed approach is not only more effective than a GA and the Random approach but also more efficient than a GA. 2) As a grouping strategy, the proposed approach can facilitate improved learning performance with statistical significance; in other words, the developed system is able to adequately allocate learners to teams for facilitating CL.


###133
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.245691
#### Don't Be a Stranger-Designing a Digital Intercultural Sensitivity Training Tool that is Culture General
0 	Digital intercultural training tools play an important role in helping people to mediate cultural misunderstandings.
0 	In recent years, these tools were made to teach about specific cultures, but there has been little attention for the design of a tool to teach about differences across a wide range of cultures.
0 	In this work, we take the first steps to create a digital self-contained culture-general training tool.
0 	In the first part of the article, we focus on different aspects and methods of intercultural training.
0 	This information is then used in the second part to evaluate the effect of these different methods on the perception of behaviour in misunderstandings.
0 	We found that experiential and story-based approaches may lead to different perceptions of participants.
0 	In the third part, we expanded on these critical incidents, and incorporated virtual characters, to evaluate if experiential incidents in an embedded story can lead to an attribution of perceived differences in behaviour to specific differences in culture and to users becoming less judgemental of inappropriate behaviours by people from different cultures.
0 	The results suggest that the tool had some effect, but that a debriefing relating the general differences to specific instances would be beneficial.


###134
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.247068
#### VirTUal remoTe labORatories Management System (TUTORES): Using Cloud Computing to Acquire University Practical Skills
0 	The use of practical laboratories is a key in engineering education in order to provide our students with the resources needed to acquire practical skills.
0 	This is specially true in the case of distance education, where no physical interactions between lecturers and students take place, so virtual or remote laboratories must be used.
0 	UNED has developed a system to create and manage virtual remote laboratories, aimed at improving the way how practical exercises are conducted.
0 	This system is based on cloud computing and virtualization concepts.
0 	These Virtual Remote Laboratories (VRLabs) combine features of traditional virtual and remote laboratories but with clear differences over them, among others, VRLabs do not necessarily access real physical devices but are not based on simulations either.
0 	Each student is provided with a virtual remote laboratory based on virtualization that he/she will access through the Internet and will use to implement his/her practical assignments.
0 	We present details on how these laboratories are implemented for a subject in a post-degree program in our University.
0 	Furthermore, we also present an evaluation of the system used on such subject aiming at assessing the quality of the system regarding three different concepts, namely perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, and perceived interaction.
0 	This evaluation is twofold, first, we have conducted a survey over the students of the subject, and second, we have performed another survey over the teaching team of the subject, both have been performed for the 2012-2013 and 2013-2014 academic years.


###135
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.251000
#### An Investigation of a Two-Tier Test Strategy in a University Calculus Course: Causes versus Consequences
0 	Online tests have been identified as a core learning activity in higher education.
0 	Unlike conventional online tests, which cannot completely reflect students' learning status, two-tier tests not only consider students' answers, but also take into account reasons for their answers.
0 	Due to such significance, research into the two-tier tests had mushroomed but few studies examined why the two-tier test approach was effective.
0 	To this end, we conducted an empirical study, where a lag sequential analysis was used to analyze behavior patterns while qualitative data from the questionnaire were applied to explain why these behavior patterns were happened.
0 	The results indicated students with a two-tier test tended to realize the rationale of a concept, instead of relying on their memories.
0 	In other words, the two-tier test can facilitate students to develop deep thinking skills.
0 	This may be because they considered the two-tier test as a learning tool, instead of an assessment tool only.


###136
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.247680
#### Item Response Theory for Peer Assessment
0 	As an assessment method based on a constructivist approach, peer assessment has become popular in recent years.
0 	However, in peer assessment, a problem remains that reliability depends on the rater characteristics.
0 	For this reason, some item response models that incorporate rater parameters have been proposed.
0 	Those models are expected to improve the reliability if the model parameters can be estimated accurately.
0 	However, when applying them to actual peer assessment, the parameter estimation accuracy would be reduced for the following reasons.
0 	1) The number of rater parameters increases with two or more times the number of raters because the models include higher-dimensional rater parameters.
0 	2) The accuracy of parameter estimation from sparse peer assessment data depends strongly on hand-tuning parameters, called hyperparameters.
0 	To solve these problems, this article presents a proposal of a new item response model for peer assessment that incorporates rater parameters to maintain as few rater parameters as possible.
0 	Furthermore, this article presents a proposal of a parameter estimation method using a hierarchical Bayes model for the proposed model that can learn the hyperparameters from data.
0 	Finally, this article describes the effectiveness of the proposed method using results obtained from a simulation and actual data experiments.


###137
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.249067
#### Creating Engaging Online Learning Material with the JSAV JavaScript Algorithm Visualization Library
0 	Data Structures and Algorithms are a central part of Computer Science.
0 	Due to their abstract and dynamic nature, they are a difficult topic to learn for many students.
0 	To alleviate these learning difficulties, instructors have turned to algorithm visualizations (AV) and AV systems.
0 	Research has shown that especially engaging AVs can have an impact on student learning of DSA topics.
0 	Until recently, most AV systems were Java-based systems.
0 	But, the popularity of Java has declined and is being supplanted by HTML5 and JavaScript content online.
0 	In this paper, we present JSAV: the JavaScript AV development library.
0 	JSAV goes beyond traditional AV library support for displaying standard data structures components, to provide functionality to simplify creation of AVs on many engagement levels including interactive exercises.
0 	We describe the growing body of content created with JSAV and summarize our three years of experience and research results from using JSAV to build content that supports CS education.


###138
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.250496
#### ToothPIC: An Interactive Application for Teaching Oral Anatomy
0 	This paper describes the development and evaluation of an interactive educational program, ToothPlacement and Identification Coach (ToothPIC).
0 	The program uses a game-based learning paradigm and 3D visualization techniques to allow first year dentistry and hygiene students to get familiar with dental anatomy.
0 	It provides an interactive and stimulating learning tool for acquiring basic dental skills outside of the classroom.
0 	Specifically, it uses interactive 3D graphics to teach students to identify, name, number, align, and orient teeth into their proper location in the dental arch.
0 	ToothPIC incorporates elements of a game to make learning attractive for the student.
0 	In the process, the student learns not only about the 3D features of each tooth but also about the proper placement of the tooth relative to the gingiva and other teeth.
0 	ToothPIC has two modules: Module 1 includes 32 permanent upper and lower teeth that are to be identified and placed into the surrounding gingiva.
0 	Module 2 only shows the individual teeth, one at a time, to be identified (similar to a “flash-card”).
0 	The evaluation results of ToothPIC indicate that students strongly agree that program meets its goals of self-training and self-evaluation, actively involves the students in learning and is a useful supplement to laboratory practices and lectures.


###139
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.245397
#### An Approach Based on Social Network Analysis Applied to a Collaborative Learning Experience
0 	The Social Network Analysis (SNA) techniques allow modelling and analysing the interaction among individuals based on their attributes and relationships.
0 	This approach has been used by several researchers in order to measure the social processes in collaborative learning experiences.
0 	But oftentimes such measures were calculated at the final state of experiences, what may be hardly representative of students' behaviours during the learning processes.
0 	Therefore, a temporal dimension in SNA metrics may extend and improve the understanding about students' interactions in a collaborative scenario.
0 	In this respect, this paper presents a systematic review about SNA metrics used for analysing CSCL scenarios and proposes to trace the behaviour of such metrics during experiences through the inclusion of a temporal dimension.
0 	In order to expose this approach, a real collaborative learning experience, supported by a platform called SMLearning System, was analysed.
0 	We found that social relationships among students tend to be symmetric, i.e., there was a proportional distribution of efforts and contributions of students, which is an expected condition in a collaborative scenario.
0 	Such observations are based on the temporal behaviour of the reciprocity metric and the correlation between in- and out- degree centrality metrics measured in time.


###140
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2016.253168
#### A Contextualized System for Supporting Active Learning
0 	The dynamics of the world today demands a change in traditional education paradigms to enable the creation of more efficient learning environments, where students will learn more effectively and will play a more active role in their education.
0 	They should interact with the knowledge at anytime-anywhere.
0 	In order to tackle this problem we should take advantage of mobile communication devices (e.g., smartphones and tablets) which are widely used by students and which have excellent processing storage and connectivity capabilities.
0 	In this research work, a context-aware system stimulating active learning by students was developed.
0 	This system places the student in an intelligent learning environment and is capable of delivering appropriate context-related learning contents, based on location, time, date, interaction of the student, profile of the student, and so on.
0 	Within its architecture, the system includes reasoning capability that using context-based ontology is able to deliver efficient learning resources.
0 	The experimental results obtained from various learning experiences in nursery, medicine, and systems engineering support the validity of our approach.


###141
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.244809
#### Flipping the Flipped Classroom: A Study of the Effectiveness of Video Lectures Versus Constructivist Exploration Using Tangible User Interfaces
0 	In this study, we show results that suggest tangible user interfaces (TUIs) may be used to prepare students for future learning.
0 	In a previous study, we found that students who used interactive tabletops before studying a text significantly outperformed participants who read a text first and used tabletops subsequently.
0 	These findings demonstrate that discovery-learning approaches are better suited to TUIs than traditional “tell-and-practice” approaches.
0 	In our current effort, we generalize our findings to a different population, a different learning material, and a different topic.
0 	In this study, we employ the tangible interface, Combinatorix (Fig.
0 	1), which enables small groups of students to work collaboratively and discover concepts in probability.
0 	Our system supports students' explorations of principles in combinatorics (i.e., permutations and combinations) that serve as foundations for learning about probability.
0 	We describe the design of Combinatorix, as well as an experiment that examined the interaction between focused lectures and free exploration.
0 	We found that students who first explored the topic on a tangible interface and then watched a video lecture significantly outperformed students who watched a lecture first and then completed a hands-on activity.
0 	We discuss how the “functional fixedness” induced by the video lecture limited the students' learning of probability, and conclude with guidelines for implementing interactive tabletops in classrooms.


###142
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.241925
#### Virtual Engineering Sciences Learning Lab: Giving STEM Education a Second Life
0 	Engineering education in the 21st century faces multiple obstacles including limited accessibility of course resources due, in part, to the costs associated with acquiring and maintaining equipment and staffing laboratories.
0 	Another continuing challenge is the low level of participation of women and other groups historically underrepresented in STEM disciplines.
0 	As a partial remedy for these issues, we established a Virtual Engineering Sciences Learning Lab (VESLL) that provides interactive objects and learning activities, multimedia displays, and instant feedback procedures in a virtual environment to guide students through a series of key quantitative skills and concepts.
0 	Developed in the online virtual world Second Life™, VESLL is an interactive environment that supports STEM education, with potential to help reach women and other underrepresented groups.
0 	VESLL exposes students to various quantitative skills and concepts through visualization, collaborative games, and problem solving with realistic learning activities.
0 	Initial assessments have demonstrated high student interest in VESLL's potential as a supplementary instructional tool and show that student learning experiences were improved by use of VESLL.
0 	Ultimately, the VESLL project contributes to the ongoing body of evidence suggesting that online delivery of course content has remarkable potential when properly deployed by STEM educators.


###143
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.243886
#### Low Cost Ubiquitous Context-Aware Wireless Communications Laboratory for Undergraduate Students
0 	Wireless Communication technologies are in continuous evolution.
0 	Around the world, many Universities try to provide innovative laboratory courses to train their students in this field.
0 	In this paper, a ubiquitous laboratory course for wireless communications is described.
0 	The laboratory course has been designed so that the students have to complete six different experiments.
0 	Three of these experiments have been designed to use advanced professional network testing tools in order to provide practical experience in simulation tools.
0 	Two additional experiments have been implemented in order to provide hands-on measurements through the student's mobile device.
0 	This is a novelty and provides the students with an example of ubiquitous learning.
0 	Finally, in the last experiment, the students manufacture a WiFi antenna.
0 	The laboratory has been designed so that the students develop different practical skills in each experiment.
0 	This laboratory course facilitates applied learning and the consolidation of theoretical concepts.


###144
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.243968
#### Development and Evaluation of an Active Learning Support System for Context-Aware Ubiquitous Learning
0 	Situating students to learn from the real world has been recognized as an important and challenging issue.
0 	However, in a real-world learning environment, there are usually many physical constraints that affect the learning performance of students, such as the total learning time, the limitation of the number of students who can visit a learning target, and the time needed for moving from one learning location to another.
0 	It is essential to guide the students along an efficient learning path to maximize their learning performance according to the current situation.
0 	In this paper, an active learning support system (ALESS) for context-aware ubiquitous learning environments is designed and developed.
0 	ALESS can provide learning guidance when conducting ubiquitous learning activities.
0 	A great deal of context information is used in ALESS, including the location, the current capacity of the learning object, the time available, etc.
0 	ALESS is able to actively provide the required learning support to individual students when they approach the corresponding real-world learning targets.
0 	To evaluate the performance of ALESS, an experiment was conducted in the National Science Museum of Taiwan.
0 	The experimental results showed that, with the help of ALESS, the students learned more efficiently, and achieved better learning performance.


###145
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.244576
#### Support for Augmented Reality Simulation Systems: The Effects of Scaffolding on Learning Outcomes and Behavior Patterns
0 	An AR-based simulation system that integrates background knowledge and experimental support (AR-SaBEr) was designed as a learning tool for teaching basic principles of electricity to ninth-grade students.
0 	The aim of this study was to investigate how supporting the learner focus on meaningful activities affects behavior and learning performance.
0 	The sample was 82 students, who were randomly assigned to two groups.
0 	The control group used AR-SaBEr with no support for recommending activities.
0 	The experimental group had personalized extra support designed to help learners focus on the subject matters that they did not master.
0 	The study found that learners from the experimental group showed better learning achievements than those who participated in the control group.
0 	Furthermore, learners' behavioral patterns were dependent upon the support received.
0 	Learners from the control group were more willing to browse information about activities than to read about the subject before experimenting.
0 	Learners from the experimental group browsed information about prior to carrying them out and read about the subject matter prior to experimentation.
0 	The observed behavioral patterns and learning achievements suggest that in augmented reality based simulation environments, it is worth providing mechanisms to focus the attention of students on the most relevant topics for them.


###146
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.244437
#### Investigating Engagement with In-Video Quiz Questions in a Programming Course
0 	In-video quizzes are common in many distance learning platforms, including those from Coursera and EdX.
0 	However, the effectiveness of in-video quizzes has not previously been assessed.
0 	In this paper, we describe the construction and instrumentation of an Interactive Video Lecture Platform to measure student engagement with in-video quizzes.
0 	We also investigate the use of in-video quizzes as an approach to mitigate the lack of feedback available to students and lecturers in videos and traditional lectures.
0 	Finally, we evaluate the effectiveness of augmenting video with the ability to answer and receive feedback to quiz questions embedded directly within the video.
0 	We observed that student engagement with in-video questions was consistently high (71-86 percent) across two cohorts ($N_1$= 81,$N_2$= 84) with a rate of one question per 8.7 minutes of video.
0 	We identified three broad levels of engagement with the quiz questions and four motivations, including challenge seeking and completionism, which explain some of the observed behaviour.
0 	The results from this investigation demonstrate that in-video quizzes were successful in creating an engaging and interactive mode of content delivery.
0 	We recommend that in-video quizzes be used to increase the interactivity of video content as well as supporting formative assessment within a flipped classroom environment.


###147
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.243482
#### Learning Object Recommendations for Teachers Based On Elicited ICT Competence Profiles
0 	Recommender systems (RS) offer personalized services for facilitating the process of appropriate item selection.
0 	To perform this task, user profiling mechanisms should be implemented to automatically construct and update meaningful user profiles.
0 	These profiles can drive the RS in providing informed recommendations suited to the unique characteristics of each user.
0 	In the context of technology enhanced learning (TeL) Recommender Systems, the majority of research focus directly on learners' profiling and ignore the potential benefits of profiling teachers' professional capacities too.
0 	As a result, limited previous works exist on effectively capturing and utilizing individual teachers' particular professional characteristics, such as their Digital Competences (commonly referred to as ICT Competences) and exploiting these in systems that support their teaching preparation and practice, for example in the selection of appropriate educational resources.
0 	This paper proposes a RS which targets to support teachers in selecting learning objects (LO) from existing LO repositories (LORs) in a unified manner, namely by (a) automatically constructing their ICT Competence Profiles based on their actions within these LORs and (b) exploiting these profiles for more efficient LO selection.
0 	Experiments with data from three real-life LORs are presented and evaluation results are discussed to demonstrate the benefits of the proposed system.


###148
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.243280
#### Reducing Mistakes in Mathematics Problem Solving through Behavioral Training with a Tablet Computer
0 	This paper proposes a mathematics learning system intended to reduce mistakes in problem solving through behavioral training using a tablet computer.
0 	We focused on the case where students' errors were not due to a lack of knowledge but to a simple mistake.
0 	Specifically, we consider the context of traditional assessment methods that feature do-it-again feedback that can focus on the simple mistake, as opposed to conceptual knowledge or logic.
0 	The proposed scheme aims to identify and visualize measurable features of behavior that leads to mistakes among students engaged in problem-solving activities.
0 	As a pilot study, we placed students in one of two groups: high-scoring and average-scoring students on a national standardized mathematics test in the Republic of Korea.
0 	Then, using a tablet computer, we collected information on the handwriting and navigation behavior of students during problem solving with millisecond precision and determined its meaningful features.
0 	During the experiments, 15 of the 45 participants were trained on certain features of problem-solving behavior, identified in the pilot study.
0 	Three problem-solving assessments were performed, and two training sessions were provided.
0 	The results showed that students who trained in problem-solving behaviors achieved an improvement of approximately 14 percent, without additional knowledge training.


###149
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.243886
#### Evaluating Recommender Systems for Technology Enhanced Learning: A Quantitative Survey
0 	The increasing number of publications on recommender systems for Technology Enhanced Learning (TEL) evidence a growing interest in their development and deployment.
0 	In order to support learning, recommender systems for TEL need to consider specific requirements, which differ from the requirements for recommender systems in other domains like e-commerce.
0 	Consequently, these particular requirements motivate the incorporation of specific goals and methods in the evaluation process for TEL recommender systems.
0 	In this article, the diverse evaluation methods that have been applied to evaluate TEL recommender systems are investigated.
0 	A total of 235 articles are selected from major conferences, workshops, journals, and books where relevant work have been published between 2000 and 2014.
0 	These articles are quantitatively analysed and classified according to the following criteria: type of evaluation methodology, subject of evaluation, and effects measured by the evaluation.
0 	Results from the survey suggest that there is a growing awareness in the research community of the necessity for more elaborate evaluations.
0 	At the same time, there is still substantial potential for further improvements.
0 	This survey highlights trends and discusses strengths and shortcomings of the evaluation of TEL recommender systems thus far, thereby aiming to stimulate researchers to contemplate novel evaluation approaches.


###150
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.241926
#### A Hybrid Trust-Based Recommender System for Online Communities of Practice
0 	The needs for life-long learning and the rapid development of information technologies promote the development of various types of online Community of Practices (CoPs).
0 	In online CoPs, bounded rationality and metacognition are two major issues, especially when learners face information overload and there is no knowledge authority within the learning environment.
0 	This study proposes a hybrid, trust-based recommender system to mitigate above learning issues in online CoPs.
0 	A case study was conducted using Stack Overflow data to test the recommender system.
0 	Important findings include: (1) comparing with other social community platforms, learners in online CoPs have stronger social relations and tend to interact with a smaller group of people only; (2) the hybrid algorithm can provide more accurate recommendations than celebrity-based and content-based algorithm and; (3) the proposed recommender system can facilitate the formation of personalized learning communities.


###151
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.238921
#### Characterizing Learning Mediated by Mobile Technologies: A Cultural-Historical Activity Theoretical Analysis
0 	Mobile technologies have not yet triggered the knowledge revolution in schools anticipated, in particular, by the telecommunications industry.
0 	On the contrary, mobile technologies remain extensively used outside the frontiers of formal education.
0 	The reasons for this are many and varied.
0 	In this paper, we concentrate on those associated with the prevalent methodological weakness in the study of innovative educational interventions with mobile technologies.
0 	In this context, the paper investigates the following question: what is the potential of second-generation cultural-historical activity theory (CHAT) for characterizing learning activities mediated by mobile technologies?
0 	To this end, an empirical study was designed with the goal of examining five small groups of students (fifth grade, age 12) who were using mobile devices in authentic educational settings, within a natural science inquiry-based learning activity outdoors.
0 	Second-generation CHAT was operationalized as an analytical and dialectic methodological framework for understanding learning activities mediated by mobile devices.
0 	The study contributes a characterization of mobile learning and identification of constraints and transformations introduced by mobile technology into students' tasks.


###152
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.241671
#### Impact on Student Motivation by Using a QR-Based U-Learning Material Production System to Create Authentic Learning Experiences
0 	This study developed a QR-based U-Learning Material Production System (QR-ULMPS) that provides teachers with an education tool to motivate college level students enrolled in a liberal arts course.
0 	QR-ULMPS was specifically designed to support the development of u-learning materials and create an engaging context-aware u-learning environment for students.
0 	A quasi-experimental research design was used to evaluate the overall effectiveness of QR-ULMPS; the Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology (UTAUT) assessed the feasibility of using QR-ULMPS to implement teaching activities; while the Instructional Materials Motivation Survey (IMMS) was used to measure the students' learning motivation after using the proposed u-learning system.
0 	From the results of the UTAUT questionnaire, we found that teachers rated the system postively and were willing to accept and adopt QR-ULMPS into their course content.
0 	Teachers also agreed that QR-ULMPS was a useful tool to motivate students' learning during outdoor teaching activities.
0 	Moreover, results of the IMMS questionnaire indicated that students assigned to the proposed u-learning system achieved better results than participants learning via conventional methods.
0 	We believe that the proposed u-learning system is advantageous because it enhances student motivation and allows for higher levels of engagement, particularly during outdoor learning activities.
0 	Thus, we conclude that the proposed u-learning system can create a learning experience that both interests and engages students.
0 	Although QR-ULMPS is not mature enough to be used across a sundry of educational domains, it provides an innovative opportunity for teachers to integrate a novel teaching methodology that challenges traditional educational norms.


###153
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.242469
#### Teaching Cybersecurity Using the Cloud
0 	Cloud computing platforms can be highly attractive to conduct course assignments and empower students with valuable and indispensable hands-on experience.
0 	In particular, the cloud can offer teaching staff and students (whether local or remote) on-demand, elastic, dedicated, isolated, (virtually) unlimited, and easily configurable virtual machines.
0 	As such, employing cloud-based laboratories can have clear advantages over using classical ones, which impose major hindrances against fulfilling pedagogical objectives and do not scale well when the number of students and distant university campuses grows up.
0 	We show how the cloud paradigm can be leveraged to teach a cybersecurity course.
0 	Specifically, we share our experience when using cloud computing to teach a senior course on cybersecurity across two campuses via a virtual classroom equipped with live audio and video.
0 	Furthermore, based on this teaching experience, we propose guidelines that can be applied to teach similar computer science and engineering courses.
0 	We demonstrate how cloud-based laboratory exercises can greatly help students in acquiring crucial cybersecurity skills as well as cloud computing ones, which are in high demand nowadays.
0 	The cloud we used for this course was the Amazon Web Services (AWS) public cloud.
0 	However, our presented use cases and approaches are equally applicable to other available cloud platforms such as Rackspace and Google Compute Engine, among others.


###154
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.238924
#### and LabVIEW: An Architecture for Rapid Development of Remote Labs
0 	Designing and developing web-enabled remote laboratories for pedagogical purposes is not an easy task.
0 	Often, developers (generally, educators who know the subjects they teach but lack of the technical and programming skills required to build Internet-based educational applications) end up discarding the idea of exploring these new teaching and learning experiences mainly due to the technical issues that must be mastered.
0 	To tackle this problem, authors present a novel technique that allows developers to create remote labs in a quick, didactical, and straightforward way.
0 	This framework is based on the use of two well-known software tools in the scope of engineering education, Easy Java Simulations and LabVIEW.
0 	The development exploits a new feature of Easy Java Simulations known as EJS-elements that enables Java developers to create and integrate their own authoring libraries (elements) into EJS, thus increasing its application possibilities.
0 	Particularly, the EJS element here presented allows to LabVIEW programs be controlled from EJS applications through a communication network.
0 	This paper presents the element creation details and how this can be used to create web-enabled experimentation environments for educational purposes.
0 	A step by step example of development of a remote lab for automatic control education is described.


###155
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.241160
#### Uncertainty Representation in Visualizations of Learning Analytics for Learners: Current Approaches and Opportunities
0 	Adding uncertainty information to visualizations is becoming increasingly common across domains since its addition helps ensure that informed decisions are made.
0 	This work has shown the difficulty that is inherent to representing uncertainty.
0 	Moreover, the representation of uncertainty has yet to be thoroughly explored in educational domains even though visualizations are often used in educational reporting.
0 	We analyzed 50 uncertainty-augmented visualizations from various disciplines to map out how uncertainty has been represented.
0 	We then analyzed 106 visualizations from educational reporting systems where the learner can see the visualization; these visualizations provide learners with information about several factors including their knowledge, performance, and abilities.
0 	This analysis mapped the design space that has been employed to communicate a learner's abilities, knowledge, and interests.
0 	It also revealed several opportunities for the inclusion of uncertainty information within visualizations of educational data.
0 	We describe how uncertainty information can be added to visualizations of educational data and illustrate these opportunities by augmenting several of the types of visualizations that are found in existing learning analytics reports.
0 	The definition of this design space, based on a survey of the literature, will enable the systematic exploration of how different design decisions affect learner trust, understanding, and decision making.


###156
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.244171
#### Increasing Students’ Awareness of Their Behavior in Online Learning Environments with Visualizations and Achievement Badges
0 	In online learning environments where automatic assessment is used, students often resort to harmful study practices such as procrastination and trial-and-error.
0 	In this paper, we study two teaching interventions that were designed to address these issues in a university-level computer science course.
0 	In the first intervention, we used achievement badges, a form of gamification, to reward students for submitting early, solving exercises with few iterations, and completing the exercises with full points.
0 	In the second intervention, we used heatmap visualizations that show a prediction of the student's success if he or she continues to behave in the same way, based on data from earlier courses.
0 	The results from a controlled experiment show that the heatmap visualizations had an impact on how early the students submitted their exercises and how many points they earned from them.
0 	We also observed that performance approach goal orientation correlated with an interest towards the achievement badges whereas performance avoidance correlated with an interest towards the visualizations.
0 	The results indicate that increasing students' awareness of their behavior can have a positive impact on their study practices and results.
0 	However, the same type of feedback may not suit all students because of individual differences.


###157
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.237926
#### Creating Usage Context-Based Object Similarities to Boost Recommender Systems in Technology Enhanced Learning
0 	In this paper, we introduce a new way of detecting semantic similarities between learning objects by analysing their usage in web portals.
0 	Our approach relies on the usage-based relations between the objects themselves rather then on the content of the learning objects or on the relations between users and learning objects.
0 	We then take this new similarity measure to enhance existing recommendation approaches for the use in technology enhanced learning.


###158
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.239604
#### Implementation and Evaluation of Digital E-Lecture Annotation in Learning Groups to Foster Active Learning
0 	The use of video lectures in distance learning involves the two major problems of searchability and active user participation.
0 	In this paper, we promote the implementation and usage of a collaborative educational video annotation functionality to overcome these two challenges.
0 	Different use cases and requirements, as well as details of the implementation, are explained.
0 	Furthermore, we suggest more improvements to foster a culture of participation and an algorithm for the extraction of semantic data.
0 	Finally, evaluations in the form of user tests and questionnaires in a MOOC setting are presented.
0 	The results of the evaluation are promising, as they indicate not only that students perceive it as useful, but also that the learning effectiveness increases.
0 	The combination of personal lecture video annotations with a semantic topic map was also evaluated positively and will thus be investigated further, as will the implementation in a MOOC context.


###159
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2015.238925
#### A Flexible and Configurable Architecture for Automatic Control Remote Laboratories
0 	In this paper, we propose a novel approach in hardware and software architecture design for implementation of remote laboratories for automatic control.
0 	In our contribution, we show the solution with flexible connectivity at back-end, providing features of multipurpose usage with different types of experimental devices, and fully configurable client side application at front-end.
0 	The physical setup and communication principles of hardware architecture are based on two types of devices: the programmable logic controllers and industrial network routers.
0 	The user interface of client application is designed as a Web page, powered by optimized JavaScript, using the sophisticated on-the-fly content generation.
0 	To prove the suitability of the architecture, we compare it with other existing approaches of remote laboratory design.
0 	We evaluate their benefits and weaknesses, especially in terms of expense, implementation difficulty, and versatility of usage.
0 	In this paper, we also show a detailed example of remote laboratory implementation based on new architecture for thermo-optical educational system and provide three other examples of developed remote laboratories.
0 	Evaluation of remote laboratory usage and its benefits is provided to demonstrate the learning value of proposed architecture in education process.


###160
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.238633
#### LaboREM—A Remote Laboratory for Game-Like Training in Electronics
0 	The advances in communication networks and web technologies, in conjunction with the improved connectivity of test and measurement devices make it possible to implement e-learning applications that encompass the whole learning process.
0 	In the field of electrical engineering, automation or mechatronics, it means not only lectures, tutorials, demos and simulations, but also practical labwork for training with real-world devices that are controlled remotely.
0 	To make e-labs attractive, they should be easily implemented and accessed on the web by a client.
0 	This keypoint raises technical issues that are recalled in this paper.
0 	Nonetheless pedagogical issues are equally important.
0 	The benefit of a remote lab must be evaluated and compared to simulation labs or hands-on.
0 	Here, to foster student motivation, a game-like scenario embedded in a learning management system is proposed.


###161
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.236749
#### A Self-Adaptive Multi-Agent System Approach for Collaborative Mobile Learning
0 	Mobile technologies have emerged as facilitators in the learning process, extending traditional classroom activities.
0 	However, engineering mobile learning applications for outdoor usage poses severe challenges.
0 	The requirements of these applications are challenging, as many different aspects need to be catered, such as resource access and sharing, communication between peers, group management, activity flow, etc.
0 	Robustness is particularly important for learning scenarios to guarantee undisturbed and smooth user experiences, pushing the technological aspects in the background.
0 	Despite significant research in the field of mobile learning, very few efforts have focused on collaborative mobile learning requirements from a software engineering perspective.
0 	This paper focuses on aspects of the software architecture, aiming to address the challenges related to resource sharing in collaborative mobile learning activities.
0 	This includes elements such as autonomy for personal interactive learning, richness for large group collaborative learning (indoor and outdoor), as well as robustness of the learning system.
0 	Additionally, we present self-adaptation as a solution to mitigate risks of resource unavailability and organization failures that arise from environment and system dynamism.
0 	Our evaluation provides indications regarding the system correctness with respect to resource sharing and collaboration concerns, and offers qualitative evidence of self-adaptation benefits for collaborative mobile learning applications.


###162
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.237337
#### Dynamic Group Formation as an Approach to Collaborative Learning Support
0 	In the current time of globalization, collaboration among people in virtual environments is becoming an important precondition of success.
0 	This trend is reflected also in the educational domain where students collaborate in various short-term groups created repetitively but changing in each round (e.g.
0 	in MOOCs).
0 	Students in these kind of dynamic groups quite often encounter various difficulties, which are obvious mainly when students' characteristics do not complement each other.
0 	In spite of various group formation methods aimed to solve the group compatibility problem, most of the existing approaches do not consider dynamic groups.
0 	We describe (i) a proposal of a novel group formation method based on Group Technology approach, which considers feedback on students' collaboration to improve group formations; (ii) an application of the method as a part of a collaborative platform PopCorm, which provides students in the created groups with a set of real-time collaboration tools; (iii) a long-term experiment in which the groups created by our method achieved significantly better results in comparison with the reference approaches.
0 	Our results indicate that considering feedback from students' collaboration can improve the group formation process as the groups created by our method achieved higher collaboration quality with next iterations.


###163
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.236502
#### MTFeedback: Providing Notifications to Enhance Teacher Awareness of Small Group Work in the Classroom
0 	The teacher has very important roles in the classroom, particularly as manager of most resources for learning activities and in providing timely feedback that can enhance learning.
0 	But teachers need to be aware of students' achievements and weaknesses to decide how to time feedback.
0 	We present MTFeedback, a system that harnesses the new affordances of interactive tabletops to generate automatic notifications about small group collaborative tasks for the teacher in real-time.
0 	We deployed the system on a teacher's hand-held dashboard, which supports orchestration of a multi-tabletop environment, the MTClassroom.
0 	We validated our approach in authentic (in-the-wild) classroom activities, with 95 higher education students and three teachers across two sets of six classroom sessions.
0 	We evaluated the impact of presenting notifications on feedback that teachers provided to students.
0 	The notifications were based on qualitative comparisons of students' artefacts against a representation of both expert knowledge and a set of common misconceptions.
0 	We demonstrate that our approach can successfully be deployed in the classroom to generate notifications that help the teacher direct their attention more effectively to provide relevant feedback to their students in small group learning activities.


###164
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.236366
#### Constructing Interpretative Views of Learners’ Interaction Behavior in an Open Learner Model
0 	In this paper, we discuss how externalizing learners' interaction behavior may support learners' explorations in an adaptive educational hypermedia environment that provides activity-oriented content.
0 	In particular, we propose a model for producing interpretative views of learners' interaction behavior and we further apply this model to INSPIREus for visualizing specific indicators.
0 	In the proposed approach, we collect raw data from learners' interaction at various grains, model the state of interaction using a set of indicators that combine temporal, navigational and performance data with semantic data of content and available tools, and visualize this information alongside with comparative information coming from the instructor or peers.
0 	In this way, we provide users (learners, tutors, peers) with a mirror of learners' behavior and a point of reference such as the instructor's proposal or peers' behavior, in order to enable monitoring and reflection.
0 	An empirical study with students is also described investigating how they interpret the visualizations of their interaction data provided by INSPIREus, the metacognitive skills they cultivate, and the personal data of peers they value for selecting collaborators.
0 	Preliminary results provide evidence about the understandability and expressiveness of the indicators of effort, progress, working style, and the visualizations used.


###165
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.237878
#### Measuring and Visualizing Students’ Behavioral Engagement in Writing Activities
0 	Engagement is critical to the success of learning activities such as writing, and can be promoted with appropriate feedback.
0 	Current engagement measures rely mostly on data collected by observers or self-reported by the participants.
0 	In this paper, we describe a learning analytic system called Tracer, which derives behavioral engagement measures and creates visualizations of behavioral patterns of students writing on a cloud-based application.
0 	The tool records the intermediate stages of document development and uses this data to measure learners' behavioral engagement and derive three visualizations.
0 	Writers (N= 23 University students) participated in a controlled one-hour writing session in which they post-facto self-reported their level of behavioral engagement.
0 	Results show that the level of behavioral engagement automatically estimated by the system correlates with the level reported by the participants.
0 	Additionally, users stated that the visualizations were coherent with their writing activity and were useful to help them reflect on the writing process.


###166
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.235646
#### A Web-Based Visualization and Animation Platform for Digital Logic Design
0 	This paper presents a web-based education platform for the visualization and animation of the digital logic design process.
0 	This includes the design of combinatorial circuits using logic gates, multiplexers, decoders, and look-up-tables as well as the design of finite state machines.
0 	Various configurations of finite state machines can be selected to define the machine type, the state code, and the flip-flop type.
0 	Logic minimization with the K-map approach and the Quine McCluskey scheme is also supported.
0 	The tools, denoted as DLD-VISU, help students practice related topics in digital logic design courses.
0 	Also, instructors can use the tools to efficiently generate and verify examples for lecture notes or for homework problems and assignments.
0 	DLD-VISU was designed relying on a thorough investigation of related pedagogical aspects to define appropriate interactive graphical processes.
0 	The decision for a web-based solution, on the one hand, was motivated by making the tools available, portable, expandable, and at the same time transparent to the user.
0 	On the other hand, the advocated approach enables instructors to define access rules for their students to assure that students cannot use the tools to solve assessed homework problems or assignments before submission deadline.
0 	DLD-VISU supports self-assessment and reflects the student learning process using learning curves.
0 	The proposed platform was evaluated both in form of students' feedback as well as by analyzing the impact of using the tools on students' performance.


###167
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.236581
#### and Home
0 	We report on the development and evaluation of an innovative instructional model, which harnesses advanced technologies and local resources (an in-campus museum), to support undergraduate-level art history students in developing the skills required for analyzing artwork.
0 	Theory suggests that analyzing artwork requires theoretical knowledge and practical experience gained through critical dialogue and inquiry of original artwork.
0 	An instructional model was designed in which technology (website, collaborative docs, and mobile apps) supported streamlining of learning across settings (class, museum, and home) and conducting collaborative inquiry in situ (e.g., museum).
0 	Using a design research approach, the model was studied in three aspects: its potential to enable instructors to implement the cognitive apprenticeship instructional approach; its contribution to the students' development of independence and self-efficacy in analyzing artwork; and the contribution of technology to streamlining learning between settings.
0 	Data was collected from two enactments of the course.
0 	Findings indicate that the instructors gradually faded their modeling and coaching enabling students to become more active, hence the model we designed was largely implemented by the instructors.
0 	Furthermore, it supported students' gradual development of independence in practicing the newly learned skills.
0 	From the students' perspective, the integrated technologies created seamless learning between the three settings.


###168
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.236502
#### A Tailorable Infrastructure to Enhance Mobile Seamless Learning
0 	The widespread use of mobile devices is leading towards their adoption in the learning process, even if some pedagogical challenges are still not fully addressed when integrating mobile-assisted activities into regular curricula activities.
0 	In this paper, we first define some guidelines to design a general, tailorable, and platform-independent mobile learning system.
0 	Second, we present the aCME system, a mobile infrastructure, developed by adhering to the defined guidelines, to provide a general-purpose system, easy to start up with and friendly to user, and finally, tailorable, i.e., that can be easily adapted to the needs of different learning environments.
0 	The aCME system has been implemented as a Web-based architecture, to provide content and functionalities for different contexts, accessible from any location and by using any communication device.
0 	Finally, we describe a tool, deployed into aCME, that allows responding to quiz-based questionnaires during learning activities.
0 	A preliminary evaluation was performed to analyze usability and user satisfaction when interacting with the system we developed.
0 	The paper is concluded with some comments and future research directions.


###169
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.235403
#### Employing the TPACK Framework for Researcher-Teacher Co-Design of a Mobile-Assisted Seamless Language Learning Environment
0 	Integrating technologies into teaching and learning poses a significant challenge for many teachers who lack socio-techno-pedagogical know-how and time to design interventions.
0 	A possible solution is to design sound technology-enhanced learning (TEL) environments with relevant content and pedagogical tools to reduce teachers' design efforts.
0 	Technological pedagogical content knowledge (TPACK) is a promising framework for understanding how teachers could integrate technologies into classrooms.
0 	Scholars have highlighted the “repurposing” of the framework to inform the design of TEL environments.
0 	This study employed the TPACK framework to design the learning environment called `MyCLOUD'.
0 	MyCLOUD advances the integration of mobile and cloud technologies for self-directed, collaborative and seamless Chinese Language learning among primary students.
0 	In this paper, we unpack how the distributed TPACK resources among the teachers and the researchers have contributed to the design of the learning environment.
0 	The analysis is accomplished through researchers' coding and consolidation of 42 meeting minutes throughout the developmental period, thereby outlining the trajectory of the researcher-teacher co-design of the learning environment as a manifestation of newly created TPACK.
0 	This is followed by a study of students' perceived usability of the platform, with all three subscales of the user acceptance survey scoring above the mid-point of 3 in their respective mean values.
0 	This research contributes to current development of TEL by using the TPACK framework to widen the design considerations that go beyond what is technologically possible to include what is pedagogically desirable for a specific content learning.


###170
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.237696
#### Exploring Students’ Progression in an Inquiry Science Curriculum Enabled by Mobile Learning
0 	The research literature reports on designs of ubiquitous and seamless learning environments enabled by the integration of mobile technology into learning.
0 	However, the lack of good pedagogical designs that provide for sustainability and the inadequate investigation of learning outcomes remain major gaps in the current studies on mobile learning.
0 	This paper seeks to contribute to addressing these issues by reporting on a study concerning the principles of integrating mobile learning into a standards-based science curriculum.
0 	It also explores how mobile learning activities have impacted students' academic and activity performances in and out of the classroom over a whole academic year.
0 	Mixed methods were used to examine students' performances, and a yearly comparison was made for assessing students' progression in their conceptual understanding in science.
0 	Data analysis on students' test results, mobile learning artifacts, and their activity performances in the classroom suggested that they had improved in their conceptual understanding and self-reflection on these conceptual changes.
0 	Students were engaged in mobile learning activities both in the classroom and out of the classroom through sustained exposure to and experience of the mobilized science curriculum.


###171
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.238146
#### Towards User Support in Ubiquitous Learning Systems
0 	New technologies enable novel types of learning activities that differ radically from traditional approach of visiting lectures and doing homework assignments.
0 	Namely, these technologies support transforming our everyday environments into learning environments.
0 	This concept is referred to in the literature as ubiquitous learning.
0 	Enriching ubiquitous learning systems with adaptive functionality facilitates personalization of learning activities by adapting them to learners' progress and situation.
0 	In this article, we identify needs of four user roles in ubiquitous learning systems, i.e., learner, instructor, developer, and researcher.
0 	We analyze the state of the art in ubiquitous learning and find that roles other than learners have not received much attention in the literature.
0 	Finally, we propose supporting different needs identified for four user roles by adding meta-level functionality to ubiquitous learning systems.
0 	This proposal adds self-introspective capabilities to such systems to serve their users better.


###172
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.236086
#### Four Stages of Research on the Educational Use of Ubiquitous Computing
0 	In this paper, the Gartner Group's hype cycle is used as the basis for categorizing and analyzing research on the educational use of ubiquitous computing.
0 	There are five phases of the hype cycle: the technology trigger, the peak of inflated expectations, the trough of disillusionment, the slope of enlightenment, and the plateau of productivity.
0 	Research on the educational use of mobile technology is divided in this paper into four stages: (i) a period of mobility and personal digital assistants (PDAs); (ii) the era of wireless internet learning devices; (iii) the introduction of social mobile media; and (iv) a ubiquitous future.
0 	In addition, three empirical case studies are used as examples of these developmental stages.
0 	These case studies demonstrate the diversity of contexts, methods, and technologies used, ranging from the workplace to nature trails, from inquiry learning to collaborative knowledge building, and from PocketPCs to smartphones.
0 	The four stages of educational use in the context of the hype cycle and the case studies together emphasize that pedagogically grounded instructional design is needed to put emergent technologies to effective use to promote learning skills, namely self-regulated learning and collaboration, and to prepare people for the 21st century learning society.


###173
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.237063
#### Supporting Teacher Orchestration in Ubiquitous Learning Environments: A Study in Primary Education
0 	During the last decades, educational contexts have transformed into complex technological and social ecologies, with mobile devices expanding the scope of education beyond the traditional classroom, creating so-called Ubiquitous Learning Environments (ULEs).
0 	However, these new technological opportunities entail an additional burden for teachers, who need to manage and coordinate the resources involved in such complex educational scenarios in a process known as “orchestration”.
0 	This paper presents the evaluation of the orchestration support provided by GLUEPS-AR, a system aimed to help teachers in the coordination of across-spaces learning situations carried out in ULEs.
0 	The evaluation, following an interpretive research perspective, relied on a study where a pre-service teacher designed and enacted an authentic across-spaces learning situation in a primary school.
0 	The situation, which illustrates the orchestration challenges of ULEs, was aimed at fostering orienteering skills.
0 	It spanned five sessions taking place in the classroom, in the school's playground and at a nearby park, using multiple technologies and devices.
0 	The evaluation showed that GLUEPS-AR helped the teacher in the multiple aspects of orchestration, including implementation of his pedagogical ideas, adaptation in runtime, and sharing of orchestration load with students.
0 	Teacher awareness during outdoor activities was the main aspect to improve upon.


###174
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.237695
#### Rethinking the Impact of Activity Design on a Mobile Learning Trail: The Missing Dimension of the Physical Affordances
0 	This paper investigates the relationship between activity design and discourse on a mobile learning trail, considering the physical affordances of the real world platform in designing contextual learning experiences.
0 	We adopted a context-oriented and process-oriented pedagogical approach in designing the mobile learning trail conducted at Singapore Sentosa Island.
0 	Activities were categorized into performative and knowledge-generative on a continuum from well-structured to ill-structured activities.
0 	To examine the impact of activity design on discourse types, all audio-recorded verbal data of the three groups of secondary students was analysed with respect to two key dimensions in the knowledge construction process, namely, the epistemic and the social.
0 	Analysis showed that activity types and physical affordances of the learning environment have a definitive bearing on group discursive moves.
0 	Importantly, the presence of a real world context could generate critical thinking and collaborative knowledge building even for mundane performative activities when they are embedded with unforeseen contextual variables.
0 	We argue that the design of activity and the degree of its structuredness, and the assumed desired learning outcomes, are very much subjected to the affordances of physical and social resources in the mobile learning environment-a missing dimension that could possibly be overlooked and understudied.


###175
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.237773
#### Context Becomes Content: Sensor Data for Computer-Supported Reflective Learning
0 	Wearable devices and ambient sensors can monitor a growing number of aspects of daily life and work.
0 	We propose to use this context data as content for learning applications in workplace settings to enable employees to reflect on experiences from their work.
0 	Learning by reflection is essential for today's dynamic work environments, as employees have to adapt their behavior according to their experiences.
0 	Building on research on computer-supported reflective learning as well as persuasive technology, and inspired by the Quantified Self community, we present an approach to the design of tools supporting reflective learning at work by turning context information collected through sensors into learning content.
0 	The proposed approach has been implemented and evaluated with care staff in a care home and voluntary crisis workers.
0 	In both domains, tailored wearable sensors were designed and evaluated.
0 	The evaluations show that participants learned by reflecting on their work experiences based on their recorded context.
0 	The results highlight the potential of sensors to support learning from context data itself and outline lessons learned for the design of sensor-based capturing methods for reflective learning.


###176
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.238361
#### Stop and Think: Exploring Mobile Notifications to Foster Reflective Practice on Meta-Learning
0 	Nowadays, smartphone users are constantly receiving notifications from applications that provide feedback, as reminders, recommendations or announcements.
0 	Nevertheless, there is little research on the effects of mobile notifications to foster meta-learning.
0 	This paper explores the effectiveness of mobile notifications to foster reflection on meta-learning by presenting the results of two studies: (1) a formative study with 37 secondary school students offering a daily reflection and reporting exercise about their learning experience during the day; (2) an experiment involving 60 adults to read an eBook on energy-efficient driving for one hour.
0 	During that time, the participants received mobile notifications inviting them to reflect in-action.
0 	On the one hand, the results from the first study show that students do not have a habit of seeing themselves as learners and developing a “professional” awareness about their daily activity at work/school.
0 	On the other hand, the second study explores the effects of different notification types on knowledge gain and motivation.
0 	Results envision a higher knowledge gain and motivation for the group assigned with the least complex interactions with mobile devices during the reflection exercise.
0 	Finally, these results are discussed and important research questions for future research on mobile notifications are raised.


###177
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.237063
#### Individualization for Education at Scale: MIIC Design and Preliminary Evaluation
0 	We present the design, implementation, and preliminary evaluation of our Adaptive Educational System (AES): the Mobile Integrated and Individualized Course (MIIC).
0 	MIIC is a platform for personalized course delivery which integrates lecture videos, text, assessments, and social learning into a mobile native app, and collects clickstream-level behavioral measurements about each student as they interact with the material.
0 	These measurements can subsequently be used to update the student's user model, which can in turn be used to determine the content adaptation.
0 	Recruiting students from one of our Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs), we have conducted two preliminary trials with MIIC, in which we found (i) that the majority of students (70 percent) preferred MIIC overall to a one-size-fits-all (OSFA) presentation of the same material, (ii) that the mean level of engagement, when quantified as the number of pages viewed, was statistically higher (by 72 percent) among students using MIIC than among OSFA, and (iii) that the integrated multimedia learning features were generally favorable among the students (e.g., 87 percent found the videos helpful).


###178
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.234087
#### A Novel Approach to Diagnosing Motor Skills
0 	The combination of virtual reality interactive systems and educational technologies have been used in the training of procedural tasks, but there is a lack of research with regard to providing specific assistance for acquiring motor skills.
0 	In this paper we present a novel approach to evaluating motor skills with an interactive intelligent learning system based on the ULISES framework.
0 	We describe the implementation of the different layers that ULISES is composed of in order to generate a diagnosis of trainees' motor skills.
0 	This diagnostic process takes into account the following characteristics of movement: coordination, poses, movement trajectories and the procedure followed in a sequence of movements.
0 	In order to validate our work we generated a model for the diagnosis of tennis-related motor skills and we conducted an experiment in which we interpreted and diagnosed tennis serves of several subjects and which shows promising results.


###179
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.233125
#### Self-Help Training System for Nursing Students to Learn Patient Transfer Skills
0 	This paper describes the construction and evaluation of a self-help skill training system for assisting student nurses in learning skills involving the transfer of patients from beds to wheelchairs.
0 	We have proposed a feedback method that is based on a checklist and video demonstrations.
0 	To help trainees efficiently check their performance and correct errors, the checklist was prepared with items specific to the performance of tasks related to individual body parts (e.g., the height of the waist).
0 	In this system, two Kinect RGB-D sensors were used for measuring the posture of the trainees and patients.
0 	An automatic skill evaluation method was used to designate the trainees' performance against each evaluation item as correct or incorrect.
0 	Furthermore, the system's operation interface was designed to enable self-operation by trainees.
0 	Control tests were performed to measure the training effectiveness of the system.
0 	The results of the tests on a control group (n = 5) that used only a textbook and demonstration video but did not receive feedback were compared with those of the experimental group (n = 5) that used the proposed system.
0 	The results of both subjective and objective evaluation demonstrated that the experimental group showed greater improvement in performing patient transfer than the control group (p <; 0:05).


###180
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.234675
#### Impact of Using an Educational Robot-Based Learning System on Students’ Motivation in Elementary Education
0 	Educational robotics has been regarded as an effective instructional tool over the past decade.
0 	Many studies have tested the role of robots in supporting educational classroom activities.
0 	However, reliable empirical evidence confirming the effectiveness of educational robots remains limited.
0 	Therefore, this study developed an educational robot-based learning system that provides an attractive teaching application that combines multimedia objects with an educational robot.
0 	This study examined the impact of the proposed learning system on student learning performance and motivation.
0 	The four-stage experimental procedure involved a pre-test, post-test, learning activities, and questionnaire survey.
0 	The participants comprised one homeroom teacher and 52 second-grade students from two classes at an elementary school in Taiwan.
0 	All of the students were assigned to use either the proposed learning system or a PowerPoint-based learning system.
0 	The pre-test and post-test results show that the proposed learning system improved student performance more than the PowerPoint-based learning system did.
0 	A questionnaire based on the Instructional Materials Motivation Survey (IMMS) was employed to measure four motivational factors (attention, relevance, confidence, and satisfaction).
0 	The IMMS survey results show that satisfaction and relevance were the highest rated motivational factors among students who used the proposed learning system.
0 	The experimental results indicate that the students were motivated to use the educational robot-based learning system.
0 	Thus, using educational robot-based learning systems in classrooms demonstrates a significant advantage for students, by improving overall learning interest and motivation.


###181
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.233790
#### Learning about Social Learning in MOOCs: From Statistical Analysis to Generative Model
0 	We study user behavior in the courses offered by a major massive online open course (MOOC) provider during the summer of 2013.
0 	Since social learning is a key element of scalable education on MOOC and is done via online discussion forums, our main focus is on understanding forum activities.
0 	Two salient features of these activities drive our research: (1) high decline rate: for each course studied, the volume of discussion declined continuously throughout the duration of the course; (2) high-volume, noisy discussions: at least 30 percent of the courses produced new threads at rates that are infeasible for students or teaching staff to read through.
0 	Further, a substantial portion of these discussions are not directly course-related.
0 	In our analysis, we investigate factors that are associated with the decline of activity on MOOC forums, and we find effective strategies to classify threads and rank their relevance.
0 	Specifically, we first use linear regression models to analyze the forum activity count data over time, and make a number of observations; for instance, the teaching staff's active participation in the discussions is correlated with an increase in the discussion volume but does not slow down the decline rate.
0 	We then propose a unified generative model for the discussion threads, which allows us both to choose efficient thread classifiers and to design an effective algorithm for ranking thread relevance.
0 	Further, our algorithm is compared against two baselines using human evaluation from Amazon Mechanical Turk.


###182
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.232091
#### Experiences in Digital Circuit Design Courses: A Self-Study Platform for Learning Support
0 	The synthesis of digital circuits is a basic skill in all the bachelor programmes around the ICT area of knowledge, such as Computer Science, Telecommunication Engineering or Electrical Engineering.
0 	An important hindrance in the learning process of this skill is that the existing educational tools for the design of circuits do not allow the student to validate if his design satisfies the specification.
0 	Furthermore, an automatic feedback is essential in order to help students to fix incorrecsoumyaBanerjee@outlook.int designs.
0 	In this paper, we propose an online platform where the students can design and verify their circuits with an individual and automatic feedback.
0 	The technical aspects of the platform and the designed verification tool are presented.
0 	The impact of the platform on the learning process of the students is illustrated by analyzing the student performance on the course where the platform has been used.
0 	Results on the utilization of the platform versus the success rate and marks in the final exam are presented and compared with previous semesters.


###183
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.235583
#### Semantic Similarity Measures for the Generation of Science Tests in Basque
0 	The work we present in this paper aims to help teachers create multiple-choice science tests.
0 	We focus on a scientific vocabulary-learning scenario taking place in a Basque-language educational environment.
0 	In this particular scenario, we explore the option of automatically generating Multiple-Choice Questions (MCQ) by means of Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques and the use of corpora.
0 	More specifically, human experts select scientific articles and identify the target terms (i.e., words).
0 	These terms are part of the vocabulary studied in the school curriculum for 13-14-year-olds and form the starting point for our system to generate MCQs.
0 	We automatically generate distractors that are similar in meaning to the target term.
0 	To this end, the system applies semantic similarity measures making use of a variety of corpus-based and graph-based approaches.
0 	The paper presents a qualitative and a quantitative analysis of the generated tests to measure the quality of the proposed methods.
0 	The qualitative analysis is based on expert opinion, whereas the quantitative analysis is based on the MCQ test responses from students in secondary school.
0 	Nine hundred and fifty one students from 18 schools took part in the experiments.
0 	The results show that our system could help experts in the generation of MCQ.


###184
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.232397
#### Understanding Social OER Environments—A Quantitative Study on Factors Influencing the Motivation to Share and Collaborate
0 	Social software environments are increasingly used for open education: teachers and learners share and collaborate in these environments.
0 	While there are various possibilities for the inclusion of such social functionalities for OER, many organizational, individual and technological challenges can hinder the motivation of teachers to share and collaborate in these environments.
0 	Current research cannot explain what barriers teachers face in social OER environments and how those challenges influence their motivation to engage in such environments.
0 	An exploratory factor analysis was used in the context of schools and higher education institutions to investigate the possible barriers to engaging in social OER environments; a linear regression analysis was used to predict how the extracted factors influenced the motivation of teachers (N = 754) to share and collaborate.
0 	The findings allude to barriers within social OER environments; the main challenges relate to the lack of organizational support, language and culture as well as quality concerns.
0 	The key results depict how teachers' motivation to share and collaborate in these environments decreases when they perceive higher language and cultural barriers.
0 	These findings can support OER providers as well as educational institutions in their efforts to minimize those barriers.


###185
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.234040
#### Facilitating Social Collaboration in Mobile Cloud-Based Learning: A Teamwork as a Service (TaaS) Approach
0 	Mobile learning is an emerging trend that brings many advantages to distributed learners, enabling them to achieve collaborative learning, in which the virtual teams are usually built to engage multiple learners working together towards the same pedagogical goals in online courses.
0 	However, the socio-technical mechanisms to enhance teamwork performance are lacking.
0 	To meet this gap, we adopt the social computing to affiliate learners' behaviors and offer them computational choices to build a better collaborative learning context.
0 	Combining the features of the cloud environment, we have identified a learning flow based on Kolb team learning experience to realize this approach.
0 	Such novel learning flow can be executed by our newly designed system, Teamwork as a Service (TaaS), in conjunction with the cloud-hosting learning management systems.
0 	Following this learning flow, learners benefit from the functions provided by cloud-based services when cooperating in a mobile environment, being organized into cloud-based teaching strategies namely “Jigsaw Classroom”, planning and publishing tasks, as well as rationalizing task allocation and mutual supervision.
0 	In particular, we model the social features related to the collaborative learning activities, and introduce a genetic algorithm approach to grouping learners into appropriate teams with two different team formation scenarios.
0 	Experimental results prove our approach is able to facilitate teamwork, while learners' capabilities and preferences are taken into consideration.
0 	In addition, empirical evaluations have been conducted to show the improvement of collaborative learning brought by TaaS in real university level courses.


###186
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.232305
#### A M-Learning Content Recommendation Service by Exploiting Mobile Social Interactions
0 	With the rapid development of the Internet and the popularization of mobile devices, participating in a mobile community becomes a part of daily life.
0 	This study aims the influence impact of social interactions on mobile learning communities.
0 	With m-learning content recommendation services developed from mobile devices and mobile network techniques, learners can generate the learning stickiness by active participation and two-way interaction within a mobile learning community.
0 	Individual learning content is able to be recommended according to the behavioral characteristics of the response message of individual learners in the community, and other browsers not of this community are attracted to participate in the learning content with the proposed recommendation service.
0 	Finally, as the degree of devotion to the community and learning time increases, the learners' willingness to continue learning increases.
0 	The experiment results and analysis show that individualized learning content recommendation results in better learning effect.
0 	In addition, the proposed service proved that the experiment results can be easily extended to handle the recommended learning content for learners' time-varying interests.


###187
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.229770
#### Discovery of Action Patterns and User Correlations in Task-Oriented Processes for Goal-Driven Learning Recommendation
0 	With the high development of social networks, collaborations in a socialized web-based learning environment has become increasing important, which means people can learn through interactions and collaborations in communities across social networks.
0 	In this study, in order to support the enhanced collaborative learning, two important factors, user behavior patterns and user correlations, are taken into account to facilitate the information and knowledge sharing in a task-oriented learning process.
0 	Following a hierarchical graph model for enhanced collaborative learning within a task-oriented learning process, which describes relations of learning actions, activities, sub-tasks and tasks in communities, the learning action pattern and Goal-driven Learning Group, as well as their formal definitions and related algorithms, are introduced to extract and analyze users' learning behaviors in both personal and cooperative ways.
0 	In addition, a User Networking Model, which is used to represent the dynamical user relationships, is proposed to calculate user correlations in accordance with their interactions in a social community.
0 	Based on these, an integrated mechanism is developed to utilize both user behavior patterns and user correlations for the recommendation of individualized learning actions.
0 	The system architecture is described finally, and the experiment results are presented and discussed to demonstrate the practicability and usefulness of our methods.


###188
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.229652
#### Mining Social Media Data for Understanding Students’ Learning Experiences
0 	Students' informal conversations on social media (e.g., Twitter, Facebook) shed light into their educational experiences-opinions, feelings, and concerns about the learning process.
0 	Data from such uninstrumented environments can provide valuable knowledge to inform student learning.
0 	Analyzing such data, however, can be challenging.
0 	The complexity of students' experiences reflected from social media content requires human interpretation.
0 	However, the growing scale of data demands automatic data analysis techniques.
0 	In this paper, we developed a workflow to integrate both qualitative analysis and large-scale data mining techniques.
0 	We focused on engineering students' Twitter posts to understand issues and problems in their educational experiences.
0 	We first conducted a qualitative analysis on samples taken from about 25,000 tweets related to engineering students' college life.
0 	We found engineering students encounter problems such as heavy study load, lack of social engagement, and sleep deprivation.
0 	Based on these results, we implemented a multi-label classification algorithm to classify tweets reflecting students' problems.
0 	We then used the algorithm to train a detector of student problems from about 35,000 tweets streamed at the geo-location of Purdue University.
0 	This work, for the first time, presents a methodology and results that show how informal social media data can provide insights into students' experiences.


###189
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.231180
#### Delving into Participants’ Profiles and Use of Social Tools in MOOCs
0 	This paper presents an in-depth empirical analysis of a nine-week MOOC.
0 	This analysis provides novel results regarding participants' profiles and use of built-in and external social tools.
0 	The results served to detect seven participants' patterns and conclude that the forum was the social tool preferred to contribute to the MOOC.


###190
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.233029
#### Artificial Intelligence-Based Student Learning Evaluation: A Concept Map-Based Approach for Analyzing a Student's Understanding of a Topic
0 	In this paper, we describe a tool coined as artificial intelligence-based student learning evaluation tool (AISLE).
0 	The main purpose of this tool is to improve the use of artificial intelligence techniques in evaluating a student's understanding of a particular topic of study using concept maps.
0 	Here, we calculate the probability distribution of the concepts identified in the concept map developed by the student.
0 	The evaluation of a student's understanding of the topic is assessed by analyzing the curve of the graph generated by this tool.
0 	This technique makes extensive use of XML parsing to perform the required evaluation.
0 	The tool was successfully tested with students from two undergraduate courses and the results of testing are described in this paper.


###191
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.234086
#### Automatic Grading of 3D Computer Animation Laboratory Assignments
0 	Assessment is a delicate task in the overall teaching process because it may require significant time and may be prone to subjectivity.
0 	Subjectivity is especially true for disciplines in which perceptual factors play a key role in the evaluation.
0 	In previous decades, computer-based assessment techniques were developed to address the above-mentioned challenges and to automatically grade students' work in a variety of educational fields.
0 	In this paper, the application of automatic assessment strategies in the unexplored domain of computer graphics is discussed.
0 	In particular, a tool that is designed to evaluate student assignments for a 3D computer animation course taught at Politecnico di Torino University is presented.
0 	During laboratory examination sessions, students are requested to individually operate on the open-source Blender suite and to recreate a 3D animation similar to a reference one.
0 	Student's output is assessed against a set of similarity indicators, which are specifically designed to capture the technical and perceptual factors that would be blended in a traditional teacher's evaluation.
0 	A comparison of the results that are achieved by the computer-based tool with grades assigned by visual inspection confirms the effectiveness of the designed approach and displays a high-quality concurrence between automatic and manual evaluations.


###192
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.232929
#### Gamification for Engaging Computer Science Students in Learning Activities: A Case Study
0 	Gamification is the use of game design elements in non-game settings to engage participants and encourage desired behaviors.
0 	It has been identified as a promising technique to improve students' engagement which could have a positive impact on learning.
0 	This study evaluated the learning effectiveness and engagement appeal of a gamified learning activity targeted at the learning of C-programming language.
0 	Furthermore, the study inquired into which gamified learning activities were more appealing to students.
0 	The study was conducted using the mixed-method sequential explanatory protocol.
0 	The data collected and analysed included logs, questionnaires, and pre- and post-tests.
0 	The results of the evaluation show positive effects on the engagement of students toward the gamified learning activities and a moderate improvement in learning outcomes.
0 	Students reported different motivations for continuing and stopping activities once they completed the mandatory assignment.
0 	The preferences for different gamified activities were also conditioned by academic milestones.


###193
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.232917
#### Editorial: A Message from the Editorial Team and an Introduction to the April-June 2014 Issue
0 	This issue presents a collection of nine papers focused, as in the majority of this Transactions' issues, on a broad set of learning technologies.
0 	Each of the articles is briefly summarized.
0 	In this introduction, the authors also acknowledge the best reviewers of 2013.
0 	All of the reviewers devote their time and expertise, resulting in an exceptionally high standard of reviews.
0 	The ones recognized here have reviewed at least four papers, returned their reviews on average within a month, and have received high average scores from associate editors for the quality of their submissions.
0 	They are Wolfgang Hurst, Wu-Yuin Hwang, Qun Jin, Nikos Manouselis, Olga Santos, and Natalia Stash.
0 	A total of 319 reviewers assisted the journal during 2013, with a mean submission time of 26.5 days.


###194
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.230729
#### Computer-Assisted Culture Learning in an Online Augmented Reality Environment Based on Free-Hand Gesture Interaction
0 	The physical-virtual immersion and real-time interaction play an essential role in cultural and language learning.
0 	Augmented reality (AR) technology can be used to seamlessly merge virtual objects with real-world images to realize immersions.
0 	Additionally, computer vision (CV) technology can recognize free-hand gestures from live images to enable intuitive interactions.
0 	Therefore, we incorporate the latest AR and CV algorithms into a Virtual English Classroom, called VECAR, to promote immersive and interactive language learning.
0 	By wearing a pair of mobile computing glasses, users can interact with virtual contents in a three-dimensional space by using intuitive free-hand gestures.
0 	We design three cultural learning activities that introduce students to authentic cultural products and new cultural practices, and allow them to examine various cultural perspectives.
0 	The objectives of the VECAR are to make cultural and language learning appealing, improve cultural learning effectiveness, and enhance interpersonal communication between teachers and students.


###195
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.231271
#### Augmenting Reality and Formality of Informal and Non-Formal Settings to Enhance Blended Learning
0 	Visits to museums and city tours have been part of higher and secondary education curriculum activities for many years.
0 	However these activities are typically considered “less formal” when compared to those carried out in the classroom, mainly because they take place in informal or non-formal settings.
0 	Augmented Reality (AR) technologies and smartphones can transform such informal and non-formal settings into digitally augmented learning settings by superimposing “digital” layers of information over physical objects or spaces.
0 	At the same time, the formality of these settings increases when connected to formal settings through these digital layers.
0 	The right combination of AR and mobile technologies with computer-based educational tools such as Learning Management Systems (LMSs) drives this digital connection, leading to articulated blended learning activities across formal, non-formal and informal settings.
0 	This paper contributes to the TEL field with: (1) three blended learning activities illustrating the idea of augmented informal/non-formal settings; (2) results from the cross-analysis of these activities that evidence the impact of technology to enhance blended learning; and (3) a set of lessons learned about the possibilities of NFC/GPS AR technologies and LMSs for blended learning.
0 	This work provides insights for the design and implementation of similar technology-enhanced blended learning activities.


###196
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.231616
#### Design Heuristics for Authentic Simulation-Based Learning Games
0 	Simulation games are games for learning based on a reference in the real world.
0 	We propose a model for authenticity in this context as a result of a compromise among learning, playing and realism.
0 	In the health game used to apply this model, students interact with characters in the game through phone messages, mail messages, SMS and video.
0 	Perceived authenticity is measured after the game in 196 phone interviews that yield quantitative and qualitative results.
0 	We show evidence of relationships between attributes of the game environment and perceived authenticity.
0 	This yields a list of parameters that can be adjusted to favour authenticity.
0 	We also study three situations of interaction and show when and why they are perceived as authentic, or not.
0 	These results lead to recommendations for the design of simulation games that can be perceived as authentic.


###197
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.230730
#### Content Based Lecture Video Retrieval Using Speech and Video Text Information
0 	In the last decade e-lecturing has become more and more popular.
0 	The amount of lecture video data on the World Wide Web (WWW) is growing rapidly.
0 	Therefore, a more efficient method for video retrieval in WWW or within large lecture video archives is urgently needed.
0 	This paper presents an approach for automated video indexing and video search in large lecture video archives.
0 	First of all, we apply automatic video segmentation and key-frame detection to offer a visual guideline for the video content navigation.
0 	Subsequently, we extract textual metadata by applying video Optical Character Recognition (OCR) technology on key-frames and Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) on lecture audio tracks.
0 	The OCR and ASR transcript as well as detected slide text line types are adopted for keyword extraction, by which both video- and segment-level keywords are extracted for content-based video browsing and search.
0 	The performance and the effectiveness of proposed indexing functionalities is proven by evaluation.


###198
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.230730
#### Emulating Human Supervision in an Intelligent Tutoring System for Arithmetical Problem Solving
0 	This paper presents an intelligent tutoring system (ITS) for the learning of arithmetical problem solving.
0 	This is based on an analysis of a) the cognitive processes that take place during problem solving; and b) the usual tasks performed by a human when supervising a student in a one-to-one tutoring situation.
0 	The ITS is able to identify the solving strategy that the student is following and offer adaptive feedback that takes into account both the problem's constraints and the decisions previously made by the user.
0 	An observational study shows the ITS's accuracy at emulating expert human supervision, and a randomized experiment reveals that the ITS significantly improves students' learning in arithmetical problem solving.


###199
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.230785
#### Dynamic Learning Style Prediction Method Based on a Pattern Recognition Technique
0 	During the past decade, personalized e-learning systems and adaptive educational hypermedia systems have attracted much attention from researchers in the fields of computer science Aand education.
0 	The integration of learning styles into an intelligent system is a possible solution to the problems of “learning deviation” and “cognitive overload.” In this study, we propose a learning style prediction method based on a pattern recognition technique.
0 	The main contributions of this method are: (1) it is a form of middleware that can be applied to other intelligent tutoring systems, and (2) it can process topic-dependent data to make predictions and update learning style profiles in a recursive manner.
0 	Experimental evaluations demonstrated the effectiveness of this prediction method.


###200
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.231599
#### COALA - System for Visual Representation of Cryptography Algorithms
0 	Educational software systems have an increasingly significant presence in engineering sciences.
0 	They aim to improve students' attitudes and knowledge acquisition typically through visual representation and simulation of complex algorithms and mechanisms or hardware systems that are often not available to the educational institutions.
0 	This paper presents a novel software system for CryptOgraphic ALgorithm visuAl representation (COALA), which was developed to support a Data Security course at the School of Electrical Engineering, University of Belgrade.
0 	The system allows users to follow the execution of several complex algorithms (DES, AES, RSA, and Diffie-Hellman) on real world examples in a step by step detailed view with the possibility of forward and backward navigation.
0 	Benefits of the COALA system for students are observed through the increase of the percentage of students who passed the exam and the average grade on the exams during one school year.


###201
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.230895
#### The Development of an Interaction Support System for International Distance Education
0 	This paper reports on the implementation of a learner identification system developed to facilitate real-time interaction in an international distance course.
0 	To increase the teacher immediacy and social presence, it proposes an integrative system for incorporating technology to improve the learning involvement, teaching effectiveness, and quality of interaction in the context of distance education.
0 	After the system was implemented in a formal international distance course involving universities in Japan and Taiwan for a semester, the results of the formative evaluation suggested that a perceived integrative classroom environment was achieved.
0 	The instructors and learners agreed that the system effectively and seamlessly integrated synchronous and asynchronous learning through the computing components of face and speech recognition.
0 	It was also found that the improved interaction led to a better sense of learning community and improved performance.
0 	This study concludes that the system could be useful in improving interactions and reducing students' feelings of isolation in distance courses by increasing their social presence.
0 	Suggestions for future studies and system development are also provided.


###202
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2014.231831
#### Silent Collaboration with Large Groups in the Classroom
0 	Synchronous collaboration with large groups in a classroom requires coordination and communication mechanisms that allow students to contribute towards achieving a common goal.
0 	This paper presents an application based on an Interpersonal Computer with a shared display that promotes synchronous, non-verbal (silent) collaboration with large groups in a classroom.


###203
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.3
#### Facilitating Teachers' Reuse of Mobile Assisted Language Learning Resources Using Educational Metadata
0 	Mobile assisted language learning (MALL) and open access repositories for language learning resources are both topics that have attracted the interest of researchers and practitioners in technology enhanced learning (TeL).
0 	Yet, there is limited experimental evidence about possible factors that can influence and potentially enhance reuse of MALL resources stored in open access repositories.
0 	In this paper the Mobile2Learn Framework is proposed, which aims at supporting sharing and reuse of MALL resources within the context of MALL courses development.
0 	Moreover, a quantitative analysis of the reuse of MALL resources developed with the proposed Mobile2Learn Framework is conducted.
0 	The results of this analysis provided with evidence that completeness of metadata fields related with educational objectives based on Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) can strongly influence reuse taking place among Mobile2Learn Framework users.


###204
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.3
#### Technology-Supported Orchestration Matters: Outperforming Paper-Based Scripting in a Jigsaw Classroom
0 	Under the umbrella of ubiquitous technologies, many computational artifacts have been designed to enhance the learning experience in physical settings such as classrooms or playgrounds, but few of them focus on aiding orchestration.
0 	This paper presents a systematic evaluation of the signal orchestration system (SOS) used by students for a jigsaw activity in an authentic classroom setting.
0 	The SOS comprises multiple wearable personal signal devices and an orchestration signal manager.
0 	Color and sound signals can be configured in the manager to be transmitted to the personal devices worn by the students to indicate orchestration signals for collaboration.
0 	The comparison between the SOS and a paper-based method traditionally employed for the orchestration of the jigsaw collaborative pattern showed that students in the SOS group spent significantly less time organizing the activity, obtained higher scores in the tests, experienced a stronger feeling of group formation awareness, and reported having enjoyed the experience to a greater degree.


###205
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.229480
#### An Interactive Game Approach for Improving Students’ Learning Performance in Multi-Touch Game-Based Learning
0 	This study, based on Taiwanese geographical concepts, develops a multi-touch interactive jigsaw puzzle (MIJP) to assist primary school students in solving geographical puzzles.
0 	The MIJP, which has multi-touch operating characteristics and provides two kinds of scaffolding tools, each with a different level of difficulty, can assist students in solving problems in the games and prevent them from feeling stuck and frustrated.
0 	In addition, it explores the influence of the interactive game approach (three levels of difficulty) on learning performance and satisfaction.
0 	The results indicated that the learning performance of each group, significantly improved after the experiment.
0 	In particular, moderate gaming difficulty led to the best learning performance for learners.
0 	A comparison of learners who did not use scaffolding to solve problems and those who did shows the level of the zone of proximal development (ZPD).
0 	Moreover, the analysis of satisfaction evaluations by learners with/without scaffolding showed there were statistically significant differences in the measures of learning satisfaction.
0 	Finally, this study revealed that the students tended to be over-reliant on the scaffolding tools during the game, which prevented them from internalizing knowledge through the interactive learning process.


###206
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.3
#### Augmented Reality Learning Experiences: Survey of Prototype Design and Evaluation
0 	Augmented reality (AR) technology is mature for creating learning experiences for K-12 (pre-school, grade school, and high school) educational settings.
0 	We reviewed the applications intended to complement traditional curriculum materials for K-12.
0 	We found 87 research articles on augmented reality learning experiences (ARLEs) in the IEEE Xplore Digital Library and other learning technology publications.
0 	Forty-three of these articles conducted user studies, and seven allowed the computation of an effect size to the performance of students in a test.
0 	In our meta-analysis, research show that ARLEs achieved a widely variable effect on student performance from a small negative effect to a large effect, with a mean effect size of 0.56 or moderate effect.
0 	To complement this finding, we performed a qualitative analysis on the design aspects for ARLEs: display hardware, software libraries, content authoring solutions, and evaluation techniques.
0 	We explain that AR incur three inherent advantages: real world annotation, contextual visualization, and vision-haptic visualization.
0 	We illustrate these advantages through the exemplifying prototypes, and ground these advantages to multimedia learning theory, experiential learning theory, and animate vision theory.
0 	Insights from this review are aimed to inform the design of future ARLEs.


###207
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.3
#### An Automatic Reference Aid for Improving EFL Learners' Formulaic Expressions in Productive Language Use
0 	Formulaic language is important to language acquisition; however, English language learners are often reported to have problems with formulaic expressions.
0 	Several lists of formulaic sequences have been proposed, mainly for developing teaching and testing materials.
0 	However, their limited numbers and insufficient usage information seem unable to benefit formulaic language use.
0 	To address these issues we have developed GRASP, a reference aid for formulaic expressions, to promote learners' productive competence.
0 	Users are allowed multi-word inputs to target their desired phrases or collocations.
0 	Utilizing natural language processing techniques, our system categorizes and displays the structures and sequences in a hierarchical way.
0 	The corresponding example sentences are also provided.
0 	The formulaic structures serve as a quick access index.
0 	The formulaic sequences and corpus examples illustrate the real world language use.
0 	Importantly, automatic summarization from language data lends support to the idea of data-driven learning.
0 	A single-group pre-posttest design was adopted to assess the effectiveness of GRASP on 150 Chinese-speaking college freshmen.
0 	The results indicated that our reference aid made a substantial contribution to students' performance on formulaic expression use in a sentence completion task, compared with the existing tools.
0 	Notably, the less proficient students showed marked improvement.


###208
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.3
#### Development of Game-Like Simulations for Procedural Knowledge in Healthcare Education
0 	We present EGDA, an educational game development approach focused on the teaching of procedural knowledge using a cost-effective approach.
0 	EGDA proposes four tasks: analysis, design, implementation, and quality assurance that are subdivided in a total of 12 subtasks.
0 	One of the benefits of EGDA is that anyone can apply it to develop a game since it keeps development as simple as possible and uses tools for modeling and implementation that do not require a highly technical profile.
0 	EGDA has been applied to the creation of seven educational games in healthcare, and has been iteratively refined after each experience.
0 	EGDA is evaluated on two aspects.
0 	First, the effort and cost needed for creating these games is estimated and compared to current industry standards.
0 	Second, impact on knowledge acquisition and a student acceptance are discussed.
0 	Results suggest that EGDA can make game development more affordable, which is critical for increased adoption and scalability of game-based learning (GBL), while assuring a high educational value of the resulting games.


###209
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.229769
#### Maximum Clique Algorithm and Its Approximation for Uniform Test Form Assembly
0 	Educational assessments occasionally require uniform test forms for which each test form comprises a different set of items, but the forms meet equivalent test specifications (i.e., qualities indicated by test information functions based on item response theory).
0 	We propose two maximum clique algorithms (MCA) for uniform test form assembly.
0 	The proposed methods can assemble uniform test forms with allowance of overlapping items among uniform test forms.
0 	First, we propose an exact method that maximizes the number of uniform test forms from an item pool.
0 	However, the exact method presents computational cost problems.
0 	To relax those problems, we propose an approximate method that maximizes the number of uniform test forms asymptotically.
0 	Accordingly, the proposed methods can use the item pool more efficiently than traditional methods can.
0 	We demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed methods using simulated and actual data.


###210
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.2
#### Using speech recognition for real-time captioning and lecture transcription in the classroom
0 	Speech recognition (SR) technologies were evaluated in different classroom environments to assist students to automatically convert oral lectures into text.
0 	Two distinct methods of SR-mediated lecture acquisition (SR-mLA), real-time captioning (RTC) and postlecture transcription (PLT), were evaluated in situ life and social sciences lecture courses employing typical classroom equipment.
0 	Both methods were compared according to technical feasibility and reliability of classroom implementation, instructors' experiences, word recognition accuracy, and student class performance.
0 	RTC provided near-instantaneous display of the instructor's speech for students during class.
0 	PLT employed a user-independent SR algorithm to optimally generate multimedia class notes with synchronized lecture transcripts, instructor audio, and class PowerPoint slides for students to access online after class.
0 	PLT resulted in greater word recognition accuracy than RTC.
0 	During a science course, students were more likely to take optional online quizzes and received higher quiz scores with PLT than when multimedia class notes were unavailable.
0 	Overall class grades were also higher when multimedia class notes were available.
0 	The potential benefits of SR-mLA for students who have difficulty taking notes accurately and independently were discussed, particularly for nonnative English speakers and students with disabilities.
0 	Field-tested best practices for optimizing SR accuracy for both SR-mLA methods were outlined.


###211
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.2
#### Providing collaborative support to virtual and remote laboratories
0 	Virtual and remote laboratories (VRLs) are e-learning resources that enhance the accessibility of experimental setups providing a distance teaching framework which meets the student's hands-on learning needs.
0 	In addition, online collaborative communication represents a practical and a constructivist method to transmit the knowledge and experience from the teacher to students, overcoming physical distance and isolation.
0 	This paper describes the extension of two open source tools: (1) the learning management system Moodle, and (2) the tool to create VRLs Easy Java Simulations (EJS).
0 	Our extension provides: (1) synchronous collaborative support to any VRL developed with EJS (i.e., any existing VRL written in EJS can be automatically converted into a collaborative lab with no cost), and (2) support to deploy synchronous collaborative VRLs into Moodle.
0 	Using our approach students and/or teachers can invite other users enrolled in a Moodle course to a real-time collaborative experimental session, sharing and/or supervising experiences at the same time they practice and explore experiments using VRLs.


###212
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.2
#### Enabling Teachers to Deploy CSCL Designs across Distributed Learning Environments
0 	Transforming teachers' pedagogical ideas into ICT infrastructures ready for the enactment of such ideas is a complex process, especially in the case of computer-supported collaborative learning (CSCL).
0 	In higher education, the current trend of using external tools (e.g., ^^Web 2.0^^) along with the institutional virtual learning environments (what some authors call distributed learning environments--DLEs) makes such transformation even more difficult.
0 	This paper proposes GLUE!-PS, an open extensible system that allows nonexperts in ICT to deploy learning designs into multiple DLEs.
0 	GLUE!-PS does so while maintaining teachers' and institutions' preferences regarding authoring tools and learning platforms, and making DLE-based practice more likely to be sustainable.
0 	This paper presents initial evaluation data of a reference implementation of GLUE!-PS, through two workshops with university teachers and the usage of the system in a real university course.
0 	According to our evaluation, academic teaching staff from different disciplines was able to deploy their own collaborative designs using GLUE!-PS under tight time constraints.
0 	The evaluation also hints at challenges for everyday practice adoption (reliability problems inherent to such a multisystem approach, the need for runtime flexibility, or conceptual barriers on the use of CSCL approaches).


###213
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.2
#### Tag-based collaborative filtering recommendation in personal learning environments
0 	The personal learning environment (PLE) concept offers a learner-centric view of learning and suggests a shift from knowledge-push to knowledge-pull approach to learning.
0 	One concern with a PLE-driven knowledge-pull approach to learning, however, is information overload.
0 	Recommender systems can provide an effective mechanism to deal with the information overload problem in PLEs.
0 	In this paper, we study different tag-based collaborative filtering recommendation techniques on their applicability and effectiveness in PLE settings.
0 	We implement 16 different tag-based collaborative filtering recommendation algorithms, memory based as well as model based, and compare them in terms of accuracy and user satisfaction.
0 	The results of the conducted offline and user evaluations reveal that the quality of user experience does not correlate with high-recommendation accuracy.


###214
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.2
#### An effective recommendation framework for personal learning environments using a learner preference tree and a GA
0 	Personalized recommendations are used to support the activities of learners in personal learning environments and this technology can deliver suitable learning resources to learners.
0 	This paper models the dynamic multipreferences of learners using the multidimensional attributes of resource and learner ratings by using data mining technology to alleviate sparsity and cold-start problems and increase the diversity of the recommendation list.
0 	The presented approach has two main modules: an explicit attribute-based recommender and an implicit attribute-based recommender.
0 	In the first module, a learner preference tree (LPT) is introduced to model the interests of learners based on the explicit multidimensional attributes of resources and historical ratings of accessed resources.
0 	Then, recommendations are generated by nearest neighborhood collaborative filtering (NNCF).
0 	In the second module, the weights of implicit or latent attributes of resources for learners are considered as chromosomes in a genetic algorithm (GA), and then this algorithm optimizes the weights according to historical ratings.
0 	Then, recommendations are generated by NNCF using the optimized weight vectors of implicit attributes.
0 	The experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms current algorithms on accuracy measures and can alleviate cold-start and sparsity problems and also generate a more diverse recommendation list.


###215
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.2
#### A multiparadigm intelligent tutoring system for robotic arm training
0 	To assist learners during problem-solving activities, an intelligent tutoring system (ITS) has to be equipped with domain knowledge that can support appropriate tutoring services.
0 	Providing domain knowledge is usually done by adopting one of the following paradigms: building a cognitive model, specifying constraints, integrating an expert system, and using data mining algorithms to learn domain knowledge.
0 	However, for some ill-defined domains, each single paradigm may present some advantages and limitations in terms of the required resources for deploying it, and tutoring support that can be offered.
0 	To address this issue, we propose using a multiparadigm approach.
0 	In this paper, we explain how we have applied this idea in CanadarmTutor, an ITS for learning to operate the Canadarm2 robotic arm.
0 	To support tutoring services in this ill-defined domain, we have developed a multiparadigm model combining: 1) a cognitive model to cover well-defined parts of the task and spatial reasoning, 2) a data mining approach for automatically building a task model from user solutions for ill-defined parts of the task, and 3) a 3D path-planner to cover other parts of the task for which no user data are available.
0 	The multiparadigm version of CanadarmTutor allows providing a richer set of tutoring services than what could be offered with previous single paradigm versions of CanadarmTutor.


###216
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.3
#### A Theory-Driven Approach to Predict Frustration in an ITS
0 	The importance of affect in learning has led many intelligent tutoring systems (ITS) to include learners' affective states in their student models.
0 	The approaches used to identify affective states include human observation, self-reporting, data from physical sensors, modeling affective states, and mining students' data in log files.
0 	Among these, data mining and modeling affective states offer the most feasible approach in real-world settings, which may involve a huge number of students.
0 	Systems using data mining approaches to predict frustration have reported high accuracy, while systems that predict frustration by modeling affective states, not only predict a student's affective state but also the reason for that state.
0 	In our approach, we combine these approaches.
0 	We begin with the theoretical definition of frustration, and operationalize it as a linear regression model by selecting and appropriately combining features from log file data.
0 	We illustrate our approach by modeling the learners' frustration in Mindspark, a mathematics ITS with large-scale deployment.
0 	We validate our model by independent human observation.
0 	Our approach shows comparable results to existing data mining approaches and also the clear interpretation of the reasons for the learners' frustration.


###217
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.3
#### Machines that learn and teach seamlessly
0 	This paper describes an investigation into creating agents that can learn how to perform a task by observing an expert, then seamlessly turn around and teach the same task to a less proficient person.
0 	These agents are taught through observation of expert performance and thereafter refined through unsupervised practice of the task, all on a simulated environment.
0 	A less proficient human is subsequently taught by the now-trained agent through a third approach-coaching, executed through a haptic device.
0 	This approach addresses tasks that involve complex psychomotor skills.
0 	A machine-learning algorithm called PIGEON is used to teach the agents.
0 	A prototype is built and then tested on a task involving the manipulation of a crane to move large container boxes in a simulated shipyard.
0 	Two evaluations were performed-a proficiency test and a learning rate test.
0 	These tests were designed to determine whether this approach improves the human learning more than self-experimentation by the human.
0 	While the test results do not conclusively show that our approach provides improvement over self-learning, some positive aspects of the results suggest great potential for this approach.


###218
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.
#### Metafora: A Web-Based Platform for Learning to Learn Together in Science and Mathematics
0 	This paper presents Metafora, both a platform for integrated tools as well as an emerging pedagogy for supporting Learning to Learn Together in science and mathematics education.
0 	Our goal is to design technology that brings education to a higher level; a level where students not only learn subject matter, but also gain a set of critical skills needed to engage in and self-regulate collaborative learning experiences in science and math education.
0 	To achieve this goal, we need to understand how educational technology can bring students' attention to, and promote these higher level skills.
0 	We first discuss the core skills that students need as they learn to learn together.
0 	We then present a platform and pedagogy to support the acquisition of the critical skills.
0 	Finally, we present an example use of our system based on results from pilot studies.
0 	This example demonstrates interaction with the platform to highlight potential benefits and limitations of our approach to promoting the associated skills.


###219
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.
#### SimSketch: Multiagent Simulations Based on Learner-Created Sketches for Early Science Education
0 	This paper presents an approach to create simulations of science phenomena based on sketches.
0 	SimSketch, an integrated drawing and modeling tool, allows students to create sketches and apply behaviors to elements of their drawing.
0 	A multiagent simulation engine interprets and executes the model, thus building an intuitively usable and motivating learning environment to build and explore simulations of scientific phenomena.


###220
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.
#### Learning by Conceptual Modeling--Changes in Knowledge Structure and Content
0 	The DynaLearn interactive learning environment enables learning by having learners create conceptual models of system's behavior.
0 	This paper reports on exploratory evaluation studies using the DynaLearn software, carried out with learners studying environmental science.
0 	Two three-day modeling sessions were conducted in two consecutive years with two students exploring the evolving prototype of the software.
0 	The learners worked on assignments designed to achieve specific learning goals.
0 	To investigate conceptual changes on behalf of the learner, a set of parameters was applied for semantic text analysis of written pre- and posttests.
0 	The evaluation results show key changes occurring in knowledge structure and content in both years for both students.
0 	Indications of an effect of prior knowledge on the magnitude of conceptual change were found.
0 	The results confirm the potential of DynaLearn for inducing causal and interlinked understanding of environmental systems.


###221
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.2
#### An Interactive and Intelligent Learning System for Physics Education
0 	Students tend to retain naïve understandings of concepts such as energy and force even after completing school and entering college.
0 	We developed a learning environment called the Virtual Physics System (ViPS) to help students master these concepts in the context of pulleys, a class of simple machines that are difficult to assemble and use in the real world.
0 	Several features make the ViPS noteworthy: it combines simulation and tutoring, it customizes tutoring to address common misconceptions, and it employs a pedagogical strategy that identifies student misconceptions and guides students in problem solving through virtual experimentation.
0 	This paper presents the ViPS and describes studies in which we evaluated its efficacy and compared learning from the ViPS with learning from constructing and experimenting with real pulleys.
0 	Our results indicate that the ViPS is effective in helping students learn and remediate their misconceptions, and that virtual experimentation in the ViPS is more effective than real experimentation with pulleys.


###222
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.2
#### Enhancing Scientific Reasoning and Discussion with Conversational Agents
0 	This paper investigates the use of conversational agents to scaffold online collaborative learning discussions through an approach called academically productive talk (APT).
0 	In contrast to past work on dynamic support for collaborative learning, which has involved using agents to elevate the conceptual depth of collaborative discussion by leading students in groups through directed lines of reasoning, this APT-based approach lets students follow their own lines of reasoning and promotes productive practices such as explanation of reasoning and refinement of ideas.
0 	Two forms of support are contrasted, namely, Revoicing support and Feedback support.
0 	The study provides evidence that Revoicing support resulted in significantly more intensive reasoning exchange between students in the chat and significantly more learning during the chat than when that form of support was absent.
0 	Another form of support, namely, Feedback support increased expression of reasoning while marginally decreasing the intensity of the interaction between students and did not affect learning.


###223
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.2
#### Young Children Can Learn Scientific Reasoning with Teachable Agents
0 	A teachable agent (TA) is an instructional technology that capitalizes on the organizing metaphor of teaching another, in this case, a computer agent.
0 	As one instance, students teach their agents by creating concept maps that connect nodes with relational links.
0 	TAs use simple artificial intelligence to draw conclusions based on what they have been taught and to trace the path of their reasoning visually.
0 	TAs literally make thinking visible, with the goal of helping children learn to reason.
0 	TAs also provide interactive feedback and engender in students a sense of responsibility toward improving their agents' knowledge.
0 	We describe, in detail, a TA designed to teach hierarchical reasoning in science, and then present a 2-year research study using this TA with 153 fourth-grade children learning about organisms, taxonomies, and ecosystems.
0 	We show that the TA improved learning from the standard curriculum as measured by the curriculum's accompanying tests.
0 	The TA also helped children learn hierarchical reasoning, as measured by researcher-designed tests.
0 	The research indicates that, contrary to some theoretical positions, it is possible to help younger children learn scientific modes of reasoning, specifically by means of TA software.


###224
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.1
#### Operationalizing the Continuum between Well-Defined and Ill-Defined Problems for Educational Technology
0 	One of the most effective ways to learn is through problem solving.
0 	Recently, researchers have started to develop educational systems which are intended to support solving ill-defined problems.
0 	Most researchers agree that there is no sharp distinction but rather a continuum between well-definedness and ill-definedness.
0 	However, positioning a problem within this continuum is not always easy, which may lead to difficulties in choosing an appropriate educational technology approach.
0 	We propose a classification of the degree of ill-definedness of educational problems based on the existence of solution strategies, the implementation variability for each solution strategy, and the verifiability of solutions.
0 	The classification divides educational problems into five classes: 1) one single solution, 2) one solution strategy with different implementation variants, 3) a known number of typical solution strategies, 4) a great variety of solution strategies beyond the anticipation of a teacher where solution correctness can be verified automatically, and 5) problems whose solution correctness cannot be verified automatically.
0 	The benefits of this problem classification are twofold.
0 	First, it helps researchers choose or develop an appropriate modeling technique for educational systems.
0 	Second, it offers the learning technology community a communication means to talk about sorts of more or less ill-defined educational problems more precisely.


###225
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.1
#### Interoperable Intelligent Tutoring Systems as Open Educational Resources
0 	Because of interoperability issues, intelligent tutoring systems are difficult to deploy in current educational platforms without additional work.
0 	This limitation is significant because tutoring systems require considerable time and resources for their implementation.
0 	In addition, because these tutors have a high educational value, it is desirable that they could be shared, used by many stakeholders, and easily loaded onto different platforms.
0 	This paper describes a new approach to implementing open-source and interoperable intelligent tutors through standardization.
0 	In contrast to other methods, our technique does not require using nonstandardized peripheral systems or databases, which would restrict the interoperability of learning objects.
0 	Thus, our approach has the advantage of yielding tutors that are fully conformant to e-learning standards and that are free of external resource dependencies.
0 	According to our method, ^^atomic^^ tutoring systems are grouped to create ^^molecular^^ tree structures that cover course modules.
0 	In addition, given the interoperability of our technique, tutors can also be combined to create courses that have distinct granularities, topics, and target students.
0 	The key to our method is the focus on assuring what defines a tutor in terms of behavior and functionalities (inner loops and outer loops).
0 	Our proof of concept was developed using SCORM standards.
0 	This paper presents the implementation details of our technique, including the theoretical concepts, technical specifications, and practical examples.


###226
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.1
#### A Software Suite for Efficient Use of the European Qualifications Framework in Online and Blended Courses
0 	Since introduction of the European qualifications framework (EQF) as one instrument to bridge from learning institutions to competence driven lifelong learning, it remains a challenge for instructors and teachers in higher education to make efficient use of this framework for designing, monitoring, and managing their lessons.
0 	This paper presents a software suite for enabling teachers to make better use of EQF in their teaching.
0 	The software suite extends course design based on well-defined learning outcomes, monitoring performance and competence acquisition according to the EQF levels, assessment using scoring rubrics of EQF levels and competences in a 360-degree feedback, as well as visualizations of learning analytics and open student models in dashboards for different social perspectives in social planes.
0 	This paper includes a case study with 20 teachers who used the software suite in all phases of the course lifecycle for three programming courses.
0 	The results show that integrated applications for adopting the EQF in teaching practice are strongly needed.
0 	These results also show that the suite can assist teachers in creating contextual awareness, kindling reflection, understanding students and course progress, and inferring patterns of success and failure in competences development.


###227
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.
#### Intelligent Performance Assessment of Students' Laboratory Work in a Virtual Electronic Laboratory Environment
0 	Laboratory work is critical in undergraduate engineering courses.
0 	It is used to integrate theory and practice.
0 	This demands that laboratory activities are synchronized with lectures to maximize their derivable learning outcomes, which are measurable through assessment.
0 	The typical high costs of the traditional engineering laboratory, which often militate against the synchronization of laboratory activities and lectures, have catalyzed the increased adoption of virtual laboratories in engineering laboratory education.
0 	The principles of assessment in the virtual learning environment are essentially the same as in the traditional learning environment, with the same requirements for fairness, reliability, and validity.
0 	This motivated the incorporation, in a Virtual Electronic Laboratory (VEL) environment, of a Bayesian network-based tool for the performance assessment of students' laboratory work in the environment.
0 	This paper details a description of the assessment tool, its verification, evaluation (as an assessment tool within the VEL environment), and application processes.


###228
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.1
#### Preparing for Future Learning with a Tangible User Interface: The Case of Neuroscience
0 	In this paper, we describe the development and evaluation of a microworld-based learning environment for neuroscience.
0 	Our system, BrainExplorer, allows students to discover the way neural pathways work by interacting with a tangible user interface.
0 	By severing and reconfiguring connections, users can observe how the visual field is impaired and, thus, actively learn from their exploration.
0 	An ecological evaluation of BrainExplorer revealed that 1) students who engaged in the open-ended exploration outperformed students who used traditional textbook materials and 2) correctly sequencing activities is fundamental for improving student performance.
0 	Participants who used the tabletop first and then studied a text significantly outperformed participants who read a text first and then used the tabletop.
0 	Additionally, those results were best predicted by the quality of students' verbalizations while using BrainExplorer.
0 	The implications of this study for preparing students for future learning with Tangible User Interfaces are discussed.


###229
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.
#### GreedEx: A Visualization Tool for Experimentation and Discovery Learning of Greedy Algorithms
0 	Several years ago we presented an experimental, discovery-learning approach to the active learning of greedy algorithms.
0 	This paper presents GreedEx, a visualization tool developed to support this didactic method.
0 	The paper states the design goals of GreedEx, makes explicit the major design decisions adopted, and describes its main characteristics in detail.
0 	It also describes the experience of use, the usability evaluations conducted, and the evolution of GreedEx in these years in response to the findings of the usability evaluations.
0 	Finally, the positive results obtained in an evaluation of educational effectiveness are shown.
0 	The paper has three main contributions.
0 	First, the GreedEx system itself is an innovative system for experimentation and discovery learning of greedy algorithms.
0 	Second, GreedEx is different from other visualization systems in its support to higher levels of learning, in particular evaluation tasks.
0 	Finally, GreedEx is an example of a medium-term research project, where an educational system was designed from explicit learning goals and was later refined in a user-centered design process involving instructors and students, before carrying out a successful evaluation of educational effectiveness.


###230
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.
#### CASE: A Configurable Argumentation Support Engine
0 	One of the main challenges in tapping the full potential of modern educational software is to devise mechanisms to automatically analyze and adaptively support students' problem solving and learning.
0 	A number of such approaches have been developed to teach argumentation skills in domains as diverse as science, the Law, and ethics.
0 	Yet, imbuing educational software with effective intelligent tutoring functions requires considerable time and effort.
0 	We present a highly configurable software framework, “Configurable Argumentation Support Engine” (CASE), designed to reduce effort and development costs considerably when building tutorial agents for graphical argumentation learning systems.
0 	CASE detects pedagogically relevant patterns in argument diagrams and provides feedback and hints in response.
0 	A wide variety of patterns are supported, including ones sensitive to students' understanding of the domain, problem-solving processes, and collaboration processes.
0 	Teachers and researchers can configure the behavior of tutorial agents on three levels: patterns, tutorial actions, and tutorial strategies.
0 	The paper discusses design concerns, the architecture, and the configuration mechanisms of CASE.
0 	As a proof of concept, four showcases are presented each showing different aspects of CASE and thus demonstrating the flexibility and breadth of applicability of the CASE approach in supporting single user and collaborative scenarios across different argumentation domains.


###231
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.1
#### Organizational Learning from the Perspective of Knowledge Maturing Activities
0 	The level of similarity of knowledge work across occupations and industries allows for the design of supportive information and communication technology (ICT) that can be widely used.
0 	In a previous ethnographically informed study, we identified activities that can be supported to increase knowledge maturing, conceptualized as goal-oriented learning on a collective level.
0 	The aim of this paper is to investigate the current state of support and success of these knowledge maturing activities and to contrast them with their perceived importance, to identify those which have the highest potential for being supported by ICT.
0 	Quantitative and qualitative data were collected through telephone interviews with representatives from 126 organizations throughout Europe in a sample stratified according to size, sector, and knowledge-intensity.
0 	The activities that appear to be most promising are “reflecting on and refining work practices and processes,” “finding people with particular knowledge or expertise,” as well as “assessing, verifying, and rating information.” Rich empirical material about how these activities are performed and also the issues that emerged and need to be managed were collected.
0 	Three clusters of organizations were identified: best performing organizations, people- and awareness-oriented organizations, and hesitant formalists.
0 	It was found that a balanced knowledge strategy that leaned toward personalization outperformed a codification strategy.


###232
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.
#### A Practice-Oriented Review of Learning Objects
0 	Reusable learning objects support packaging of educational materials allowing their discovery and reuse.
0 	Open educational resources emphasize the need for open licensing and promote sharing and community involvement.
0 	For both teachers and learners, finding appropriate tried and tested resources on a topic of interest and being able to incorporate them within or alongside other learning materials can enrich provision and share best practice.
0 	Resources are made available by a number of general and subject-specific repositories, but there are also many educational resources residing outside these repositories which may provide useful additional materials.
0 	Potential users of materials need to be able to locate relevant material and to assess it with respect to a number of factors (such as suitability for purpose and license requirements).
0 	However, even such basic requirements can be less than straightforward to determine.
0 	This paper presents a view of the field from the user's perspective, bringing together themes from existing research relating to practice-oriented concerns including discoverability, reusability, and quality.
0 	It provides a background in this area, exploring current trends, controversies, and research findings.
0 	The discussion is also aligned with current provision and practice, indicating areas where further research, provision, and support would be useful.


###233
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.1
#### The Collaborative Lecture Annotation System (CLAS): A New TOOL for Distributed Learning
0 	In the context of a lecture, the capacity to readily recognize and synthesize key concepts is crucial for comprehension and overall educational performance.
0 	In this paper, we introduce a tool, the Collaborative Lecture Annotation System (CLAS), which has been developed to make the extraction of important information a more collaborative and engaged process.
0 	The system relies on semantically constrained annotation, postannotation data amalgamation and transparent display of this amalgamated data.
0 	In addition to describing the CLAS, we report on a user experience study aimed at investigating students' perception of the utility of the tool.


###234
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.
#### Designing Technology for Content-Independent Collaborative Mobile Learning
0 	This paper describes the design of a technology platform for supporting content-independent collaborative mobile learning in the classroom.
0 	The technical architecture provides mechanisms for assigning different content or materials to students and then guiding them to form groups with other students in which the combination and integration of their content satisfies some pre-assigned critera or goal.
0 	The uniqueness of this lies in the dynamic forming of collaborative groups rather than having fixed or preassigned groupings of students for doing collaborative work.
0 	We present the theoretical underpinnings of our approach, the initial design of the software and the iterative cycles of a Design-based Research (DBR) approach that tries out the continuously being-refined design with primary school students.
0 	Feedback and data collected from observing students' actual learning behaviors and motivations in the cycles were used to propose a new cycle of the system and user-interface redesign.
0 	Such school-based trials provided demonstrations of the platform in supporting two content-specific learning applications, namely in mathematics and Chinese language learning activities in a primary school setting.
0 	They show the enactment of collaborative scaffolding comprising peer, technological and teacher scaffolding in supporting the students' formation of groups, and their collaboration and learning.


###235
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.1
#### Foundations for Modeling University Curricula in Terms of Multiple Learning Goal Sets
0 	It is important, but very challenging, to design degree programs, so that the sequence of learning activities, topics, and assessments over three to five years give an effective progression in learning of generic skills, discipline-specific learning goals and accreditation competencies.
0 	Our CUSP (Course and Unit of Study Portal) system tackles this challenge, by helping subject teachers define the curriculum of their subject, linking it to Faculty and institutional goals.
0 	The same information is available to students, enabling them to see how each subject relates to those goals.
0 	It then gives additional big-picture views of the degree for the academics responsible for the whole degree, including the ability to easily assess if a degree meets accreditation requirements.
0 	CUSP achieves this by exploiting a lightweight semantic mapping approach that gives a highly flexible and scalable way to map learning goals from multiple internal and external accrediting sources across the degree.
0 	We report its validation as used in a live university environment, across three diverse faculties, with 277 degrees and 7,810 subject sessions over a period of three years.
0 	Data from this evaluation indicates steady improvement in the documentation of the relationships between subjects, assessments, learning outcomes, and program level goals.
0 	This is driven by the reporting tools and visualizations provided by CUSP, which enable program designers and lecturers to identify parts of the curriculum that are unclear.
0 	This improved documentation of the curriculum enables more accurate and immediate quality reviews.
0 	Key contributions of this work are: a validated new approach for curriculum design that helps address the complexity of ensuring learners progressively develop generic skills; and a validated lightweight semantic mapping approach that can flexibly support visualizing the curriculum against multiple sets of learning goal frameworks.


###236
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.2
#### BabeLO—An Extensible Converter of Programming Exercises Formats
0 	In the last two decades, there was a proliferation of programming exercise formats that hinders interoperability in automatic assessment.
0 	In the lack of a widely accepted standard, a pragmatic solution is to convert content among the existing formats.
0 	BabeLO is a programming exercise converter providing services to a network of heterogeneous e-learning systems such as contest management systems, programming exercise authoring tools, evaluation engines and repositories of learning objects.
0 	Its main feature is the use of a pivotal format to achieve greater extensibility.
0 	This approach simplifies the extension to other formats, just requiring the conversion to and from the pivotal format.
0 	This paper starts with an analysis of programming exercise formats representative of the existing diversity.
0 	This analysis sets the context for the proposed approach to exercise conversion and to the description of the pivotal data format.
0 	The abstract service definition is the basis for the design of BabeLO, its components and web service interface.
0 	This paper includes a report on the use of BabeLO in two concrete scenarios: to relocate exercises to a different repository, and to use an evaluation engine in a network of heterogeneous systems.


###237
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.2
#### Large-Scale Multiobjective Static Test Generation for Web-Based Testing with Integer Programming
0 	Web-based testing has become a ubiquitous self-assessment method for online learning.
0 	One useful feature that is missing from today's web-based testing systems is the reliable capability to fulfill different assessment requirements of students based on a large-scale question data set.
0 	A promising approach for supporting large-scale web-based testing is static test generation (STG), which generates a test paper automatically according to user specification based on multiple assessment criteria.
0 	And the generated test paper can then be attempted over the web by users for assessment purpose.
0 	Generating high-quality test papers under multiobjective constraints is a challenging task.
0 	It is a 0-1 integer linear programming (ILP) that is not only NP-hard but also need to be solved efficiently.
0 	Current popular optimization software and heuristic-based intelligent techniques are ineffective for STG, as they generally do not have guarantee for high-quality solutions of solving the large-scale 0-1 ILP of STG.
0 	To that end, we propose an efficient ILP approach for STG, called branch-and-cut for static test generation (BAC-STG).
0 	Our experimental study on various data sets and a user evaluation on generated test paper quality have shown that the BAC-STG approach is more effective and efficient than the current STG techniques.


###238
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.2
#### Virtual Instrument Systems in Reality (VISIR) for Remote Wiring and Measurement of Electronic Circuits on Breadboard
0 	This paper reports on a state-of-the-art remote laboratory project called Virtual Instrument Systems in Reality (VISIR).
0 	VISIR allows wiring and measuring of electronic circuits remotely on a virtual workbench that replicates physical circuit breadboards.
0 	The wiring mechanism is developed by means of a relay switching matrix connected to a PCI eXtensions for Instrumentation (PXI) instrumentation platform.
0 	The entire equipment is controlled by LabVIEW server software, in addition to a measurement server software that protects the equipment from hazard connections by verifying input circuit designs, sent by students, before being executed.
0 	This paper addresses other approaches such as remote labs based on Data Acquisition Cards (DAQs), NetLab, and RemotElectLab, comparing them with VISIR in order to emphasize its singularity.
0 	Topics discussed are as follows: the technical description, software, operation cycle, features, and provided services.
0 	In addition, the feedback received by students at several universities and the encountered drawbacks along with the proposed solutions are highlighted.
0 	The paper finally addresses the ongoing and future challenges within the VISIR community including its integration with Learning Management Systems (LMSs) and iLab Shared Architecture (ISA), its new hardware version release that is based on LAN eXtensions for Instrumentation (LXI), and its new open platform version that supports federated access.


###239
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.
#### Integrating Reservations and Queuing in Remote Laboratory Scheduling
0 	Remote laboratories (RLs) have become increasingly seen as a useful tool in supporting flexible shared access to scarce laboratory resources.
0 	An important element in supporting shared access is coordinating the scheduling of the laboratory usage.
0 	Optimized scheduling can significantly decrease access waiting times and improve the utilization level of RL resources, with associated reductions in per-use costs.
0 	Current RL systems have typically supported scheduling based on either reservations or queuing, though rarely both.
0 	In this paper, we investigate issues that arise when a single RL resource (or pool of resources) supports both modes for gaining access, and how these two approaches can be effectively integrated.
0 	This research analyzes the scheduling algorithm utilized by the Sahara RL system to investigate any limitations that affect the system utilization.
0 	We identify a number of current issues and propose specific modifications to address them.
0 	The proposed modifications will lead to increased utilization and improved student experiences.


###240
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2013.
#### Teaching Advanced Concepts in Computer Networks: VNUML-UM Virtualization Tool
0 	In the teaching of computer networks the main problem that arises is the high price and limited number of network devices the students can work with in the laboratories.
0 	Nowadays, with virtualization we can overcome this limitation.
0 	In this paper, we present a methodology that allows students to learn advanced computer network concepts through hands-on experience with the VNUML-UM virtualization tool, which is offered freely as a resource for the practical teaching of mobility, load balancing, and high availability.
0 	To verify the utility of using the VNUML-UM virtualization tool in the teaching of advanced computer network concepts, we have performed some opinion polls to the students during the last three academic years.
0 	The obtained results confirm that our students agree that the VNUML-UM enables an enhanced learning process of the different concepts and their practical skills.
0 	This perception is also confirmed by the final marks obtained by the students, which have considerably improved along the years.
0 	To the best our knowledge, this paper presents the first experience that provides results on the use of virtualization to teach advanced concepts in the field of computer networks.


###241
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.2
#### Editorial


###242
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.
#### WeFiLab: A Web-Based WiFi Laboratory Platform for Wireless Networking Education
0 	Remote access to physical laboratories for education has received significant attention from both researchers and educators as it provides access at reduced cost in sharing manner of real devices and gives students practical training.
0 	With the rapid growing of wireless technologies, it has become an essential of learning to have the hand-on experience on wireless networking for the proliferated number of students in engineering.
0 	Some of current implementations for wireless networking are either using simulations, which lose the reality, or too complicated for undergraduate students to control experiments.
0 	In this paper, we present a practical online laboratory platform, Web-based WiFi Laboratory (WeFiLab).
0 	WeFiLab mainly focuses on providing students hand-on experience of doing experiments on real devices through webpage anytime anywhere.
0 	It uses the structure of two-level operations, which facilities increasing the scale of wireless devices and allows WeFiLab to be extended to more complicated operations.
0 	The schedule schemes of WeFiLab let more students share and make efficient use of wireless devices.
0 	A prototype of WeFiLab has been implemented and used successfully as complements for an undergraduate course for two years in a university.
0 	In total, 315 computer science students attended the evaluation.


###243
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.1
#### Language and Discourse Are Powerful Signals of Student Emotions during Tutoring
0 	We explored the possibility of predicting student emotions (boredom, flow/engagement, confusion, and frustration) by analyzing the text of student and tutor dialogues during interactions with an Intelligent Tutoring System (ITS) with conversational dialogues.
0 	After completing a learning session with the tutor, student emotions were judged by the students themselves (self-judgments), untrained peers, and trained judges.
0 	Transcripts from the tutorial dialogues were analyzed with four methods that included 1) identifying direct expressions of affect, 2) aligning the semantic content of student responses to affective terms, 3) identifying psychological and linguistic terms that are predictive of affect, and 4) assessing cohesion relationships that might reveal student affect.
0 	Models constructed by regressing the proportional occurrence of each emotion on textual features derived from these methods yielded large effects (R2 = 38%) for the psychological, linguistic, and cohesion-based methods, but not the direct expression and semantic alignment methods.
0 	We discuss the theoretical, methodological, and applied implications of our findings toward text-based emotion detection during tutoring.


###244
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.1
#### Context-Aware Recommender Systems for Learning: A Survey and Future Challenges
0 	Recommender systems have been researched extensively by the Technology Enhanced Learning (TEL) community during the last decade.
0 	By identifying suitable resources from a potentially overwhelming variety of choices, such systems offer a promising approach to facilitate both learning and teaching tasks.
0 	As learning is taking place in extremely diverse and rich environments, the incorporation of contextual information about the user in the recommendation process has attracted major interest.
0 	Such contextualization is researched as a paradigm for building intelligent systems that can better predict and anticipate the needs of users, and act more efficiently in response to their behavior.
0 	In this paper, we try to assess the degree to which current work in TEL recommender systems has achieved this, as well as outline areas in which further work is needed.
0 	First, we present a context framework that identifies relevant context dimensions for TEL applications.
0 	Then, we present an analysis of existing TEL recommender systems along these dimensions.
0 	Finally, based on our survey results, we outline topics on which further research is needed.


###245
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.1
#### Multiliteracies and Active Learning in CLIL—The Development of LearnWeb2.0
0 	This paper discusses the development of LearnWeb2.0, a search and collaboration environment for supporting searching, organizing, and sharing distributed resources, and our pedagogical setup based on the multiliteracies approach.
0 	In LearnWeb2.0, collaborative and active learning is supported through project-focused search and aggregation, with discussion and comments directly linked to the resources.
0 	We are developing the LearnWeb2.0 platform through an iterative evaluation-driven design-based research approach - this paper describes the first iteration and part of the second one.
0 	In the first iteration, we developed LearnWeb2.0 and evaluated it in two Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) courses We followed the multiliteracies approach, using authentic content from a variety of sources and contexts to provide important input for CLIL.
0 	We present evaluation design and results for both courses, and discuss how the differences in both scenarios influenced student performance and satisfaction.
0 	In the second iteration, we improved LearnWeb2.0 based on these experiences - we describe improvements as well as problems addressed.
0 	Finally, we sketch the evaluation planned for the second cycle, and close with a reflection of our experiences with the design-based research approach for developing a collaborative learning environment, and on multiliteracies as a suitable approach for CLIL.


###246
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.1
#### Multi-User Virtual Environments for Learning: Experience and Technology Design
0 	Multi-User Virtual Environments (MUVEs) are often used to support learning in formal and informal educational contexts.
0 	A technology-based educational experience consists of several elements: content, syllabus, roles, sequence of activities, assignments, assessment procedures, etc.
0 	that must be aligned with the affordances of the technologies to be used.
0 	The design process, therefore, has to follow a dual track: the design of the educational experience as a whole and the design of the MUVE.
0 	Each design process has some degree of independence, while, at the same time, the two design processes are also deeply intertwined.
0 	The paper proposes a novel approach to design (both for the educational experience and the MUVE): a “biological lifecycle” design, where evolution (for survival and fitness) is crucial, while anticipating all the requirements (creating an engineering blueprint) is very challenging.
0 	This paper is based upon a number of large-scale case studies, involving nearly 9,000 high-school students from 18 countries in Europe, Israel, and the United States.
0 	Substantial educational benefits were achieved by these learning experiences, at the center of which were MUVEs.
0 	It cannot be claimed that MUVEs were the only factors for generating these benefits, but for sure they were exceptionally important components.


###247
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.1
#### Design of Teacher Assistance Tools in an Exploratory Learning Environment for Algebraic Generalization
0 	The MiGen project is designing and developing an intelligent exploratory environment to support 11-14-year-old students in their learning of algebraic generalization.
0 	Deployed within the classroom, the system also provides tools to assist teachers in monitoring students' activities and progress.
0 	This paper describes the design of these Teacher Assistance tools and gives a detailed description of one such tool, focusing in particular on the research challenges faced, and the technologies and approaches chosen to implement the necessary functionalities given the context of the project.


###248
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.3
#### Automatic Dance Lesson Generation
0 	In this paper, an automatic lesson generation system is presented which is suitable in a learning-by-mimicking scenario where the learning objects can be represented as multiattribute time series data.
0 	The dance is used as an example in this paper to illustrate the idea.
0 	Given a dance motion sequence as the input, the proposed lesson generation system automatically generates the lesson plan for students.
0 	It first extracts patterns from the input dance sequence to form the learning objects.
0 	The prerequisite structure is then built by considering the relations between the learning objects.
0 	Afterward the knowledge structure is constructed from the prerequisite structure based on the knowledge space theory.
0 	Finally, the learning path is derived according to an easy-to-complex manner while respecting the prerequisite relations.
0 	A user study that involved 40 students was conducted to evaluate the proposed work.
0 	The average learning time required for the treatment group (learning with the proposed system) was found to be lower than that of the control group (learning by free browsing) thus demonstrating the learning efficiency of the proposed system.
0 	The feedback from the questionnaires indicated that a majority of the subjects showed positive response toward the usefulness and rationality of our proposed system.


###249
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.3
#### Interfaces Leading Groups of Learners to Make Their Shared Problem-Solving Organization Explicit
0 	In this paper, we consider collective problem-solving challenges and a particular structuring objective: lead groups of learners to make their shared problem-solving organization explicit.
0 	Such an objective may be considered as a way to lead learners to consider building and maintaining a shared organization, and/or as a way to provide a basis for monitoring learners' organizational process.
0 	Work presented in this paper highlights the interest of Bardram's model of collective work to inspire design principles of interfaces supporting learners in making their organization explicit.
0 	Of particular importance are the facts that organization is somewhat reified (here, as an array), organization and execution interfaces are similar and connected, and learners are given flexibility in enacting partial organizations or adapting their constructions in context.


###250
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.3
#### Contextualizing Learning Scenarios According to Different Learning Management Systems
0 	In this paper, we first demonstrate that an instructional design process of Technology Enhanced Learning (TEL) systems based on a Model Driven Approach (MDA) addresses the limits of Learning Technology Standards (LTS), such as SCORM and IMS-LD.
0 	Although these standards ensure the interoperability of TEL systems across different Learning Management Systems (LMS), they are generic and lack expressiveness.
0 	In addition, the use of LTS limits designers to using a compliant LMS.
0 	MDA addresses these limits by allowing pedagogic modeling based on specific modeling languages and by ensuring interoperability across Learning Management Systems based on model transformations.
0 	In the context of an MDA-based design process, we propose a novel approach, named ACoMoD, to help designers to bridge the gap between pedagogic modeling and LMS specifications, based on graphic and interactive model transformations.
0 	Our approach, implemented with a tool called Gen-COM, enables designers to choose more effective LMS tools, based on a contextual recommendation of best practice for LMS tool use.
0 	Gen-COM and its evaluation with designers are described in this paper.
0 	The main results show, first, the usefulness of tailoring pedagogy with LMS tools based on the proposed solution.
0 	Second, the results show different levels of usefulness of the proposed assistance according to different situations that will be detailed.
0 	Some improvements are suggested and are in progress concerning the extension of Gen-COM to offer assistance to designers based on their profiles.


###251
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.3
#### Modeling and Simulation of an Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) for Mobile Learning
0 	With recent advances in mobile learning (m-learning), it is becoming possible for learning activities to occur everywhere.
0 	The learner model presented in our earlier work was partitioned into smaller elements in the form of learner profiles, which collectively represent the entire learning process.
0 	This paper presents an Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) for delivering adapted learning content to mobile learners.
0 	The ANFIS model was designed using trial and error based on various experiments.
0 	This study was conducted to illustrate that ANFIS is effective with hybrid learning, for the adaptation of learning content according to learners' needs.
0 	Study results show that ANFIS has been successfully implemented for learning content adaptation within different learning context scenarios.
0 	The performance of the ANFIS model was evaluated using standard error measurements which revealed the optimal setting necessary for better predictability.
0 	The MATLAB simulation results indicate that the performance of the ANFIS approach is valuable and easy to implement.
0 	The study results are based on analysis of different model settings; they confirm that the m-learning application is functional.
0 	However, it should be noted that an increase in the number of inputs being considered by the model will increase the system response time, and hence the delay for the mobile learner.


###252
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.3
#### Supporting the Process of Developing and Managing LOM Application Profiles: The ASK-LOM-AP Tool
0 	A number of international initiatives, such as the Open Educational Resources initiative, have recognized the potential value of sharing and reusing digital resources among educational communities.
0 	As a result, organizing, offering, and accessing these resources over the web have been key issues for both the research and the educational community.
0 	Within this framework, a popular way for describing digital educational resources is the IEEE Learning Object Metadata (LOM) Standard.
0 	On the other hand, it has been also recognized that it is not possible for a generic standard such as IEEE LOM to fully meet the specific requirements and accommodate the particular needs of different educational communities.
0 	Therefore, the practice of generating Application Profiles (APs) of the IEEE LOM has emerged and a number of different APs have been developed worldwide.
0 	However, despite the widespread development of APs it seems that only a limited number of software tools exist, to support the process of LOM Application Profiling.
0 	Within this context, in this paper we target addressing this problem by introducing a new web-based tool (ASK-LOM-AP) that aims to overcome the identified limitations of existing tools and facilitate its users to easily develop and manage LOM APs for different educational communities.


###253
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.
#### Using Wikipedia and Conceptual Graph Structures to Generate Questions for Academic Writing Support
0 	In this paper, we present a novel approach for semiautomatic question generation to support academic writing.
0 	Our system first extracts key phrases from students' literature review papers.
0 	Each key phrase is matched with a Wikipedia article and classified into one of five abstract concept categories: Research Field, Technology, System, Term, and Other.
0 	Using the content of the matched Wikipedia article, the system then constructs a conceptual graph structure representation for each key phrase and the questions are then generated based the structure.
0 	To evaluate the quality of the computer generated questions, we conducted a version of the Bystander Turing test, which involved 20 research students who had written literature reviews for an IT methods course.
0 	The pedagogical values of generated questions were evaluated using a semiautomated process.
0 	The results indicate that the students had difficulty distinguishing between computer-generated and supervisor-generated questions.
0 	Computer-generated questions were also rated as being as pedagogically useful as supervisor-generated questions, and more useful than generic questions.
0 	The findings also suggest that the computer-generated questions were more useful for the first-year students than for second or third-year students.


###254
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.
#### An Ambient Awareness Tool for Supporting Supervised Collaborative Problem Solving
0 	We describe an ambient awareness tool, named Lantern, designed for supporting the learning process in recitation sections, (i.e., when students work in small teams on the exercise sets with the help of tutors).
0 	Each team is provided with an interactive lamp that displays their work status: the exercise they are working on, if they have called for help, since when, and on which exercise.
0 	Lantern, by providing this information, is meant to facilitate the interaction between tutors and teams, and to encourage collaboration among students.
0 	We report on a user study that examines the impact of Lantern on individual and group behavior in recitation sections.
0 	The results show how Lantern can improve the efficiency of tutor-teams interaction, increase the intrateam collaboration, and improve the structure of interteam communications.
0 	On the other hand, having a minimalist design, and being embedded in the classroom environment, it avoids diverting the focus of students from their main task and fades quickly in the periphery when not used.


###255
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.
#### Ontology Extraction Tools: An Empirical Study with Educators
0 	Recent research in Technology-Enhanced Learning (TEL) demonstrated several important benefits that semantic technologies can bring to the TEL domain.
0 	An underlying assumption for most of these research efforts is the existence of a domain ontology.
0 	The second unspoken assumption follows that educators will build domain ontologies for their courses.
0 	However, ontologies are hard to build, especially for not-tech-savvy users.
0 	Tools for ontology extraction from text aim to overcome this problem.
0 	We have conducted an empirical study with educators, both from Information Technology (IT) and non-IT domains, where they used current ontology extraction tools to build domain ontologies for their courses from their existing course material.
0 	Based on the obtained study results we have drawn conclusions about the existing ontology extraction tools and provided recommendations for their future development so that they can be beneficial for the TEL domain.


###256
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.3
#### and Semantic Web Technologies
0 	This paper explores the potential of Semantic Web technologies to support teaching and learning in a variety of higher education settings in which some form of case-based learning is the pedagogy of choice.
0 	It draws on the empirical work of a major three year research and development project in the United Kingdom: “Ensemble: Semantic Technologies for the Enhancement of Case-Based Learning” which has been oriented toward developing a better understanding of the nature of case-based learning in different settings, but also exploring the potential for Semantic Web technologies to support, enhance, and transform existing practice.
0 	The experience of working in diverse educational settings has highlighted Semantic Web technologies that may be particularly valuable, as well as some of the enablers and barriers to wider adoption, and areas for further research and development.


###257
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.3
#### Flexible Querying of Lifelong Learner Metadata
0 	This paper discusses the provision of flexible querying facilities over heterogeneous data arising from lifelong learners' educational and work experiences.
0 	A key aim of such querying facilities is to allow learners to identify possible choices for their future learning and professional development by seeing what others have done.
0 	We motivate and describe the development of a prototype system, called ApproxRelax, that provides users with a graphical facility for incrementally constructing their queries and that supports both query approximation and query relaxation, thus allowing for flexible matching of users' queries against the data provided by other learners.
0 	We show how the system is able to return results in ranked order of their “distance” from the user's query.
0 	Our approach is novel both in its aim of supporting lifelong learners in reflecting on their learning and career choices, and also in its technical foundations that combine for the first time query approximation and query relaxation techniques for querying semistructured data.


###258
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2012.
#### Using Linked Data to Annotate and Search Educational Video Resources for Supporting Distance Learning
0 	Multimedia educational resources play an important role in education, particularly for distance learning environments.
0 	With the rapid growth of the multimedia web, large numbers of educational video resources are increasingly being created by several different organizations.
0 	It is crucial to explore, share, reuse, and link these educational resources for better e-learning experiences.
0 	Most of the video resources are currently annotated in an isolated way, which means that they lack semantic connections.
0 	Thus, providing the facilities for annotating these video resources is highly demanded.
0 	These facilities create the semantic connections among video resources and allow their metadata to be understood globally.
0 	Adopting Linked Data technology, this paper introduces a video annotation and browser platform with two online tools: Annomation and SugarTube.
0 	Annomation enables users to semantically annotate video resources using vocabularies defined in the Linked Data cloud.
0 	SugarTube allows users to browse semantically linked educational video resources with enhanced web information from different online resources.
0 	In the prototype development, the platform uses existing video resources for the history courses from the Open University (United Kingdom).
0 	The result of the initial development demonstrates the benefits of applying Linked Data technology in the aspects of reusability, scalability, and extensibility.


###259
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.3
#### Semantic Annotation of Ubiquitous Learning Environments
0 	Skills-based learning environments are used to promote the acquisition of practical skills as well as decision making, communication, and problem solving.
0 	It is important to provide feedback to the students from these sessions and observations of their actions may inform the assessment process and help researchers to better understand the learning process.
0 	Through a series of prototype demonstrators, we have investigated the use of semantic annotation in the recording and subsequent understanding of such simulation environments.
0 	Our Semantic Web approach is outlined and conclusions drawn as to the suitability of different annotation methods and their combination with ubiquitous computing techniques to provide novel mechanisms for both student feedback and increased understanding of the learning environment.


###260
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.3
#### nQuire: Technological Support for Personal Inquiry Learning
0 	This paper describes the development of nQuire, a software application to guide personal inquiry learning.
0 	nQuire provides teacher support for authoring, orchestrating, and monitoring inquiries as well as student support for carrying out, configuring, and reviewing inquiries.
0 	nQuire allows inquiries to be scripted and configured in various ways, so that personally relevant, rather than off-the-shelf inquiries, can be created and used by teachers and students.
0 	nQuire incorporates an approach to specifying learning flow that provides flexible access to current inquiry activities without precluding access to other activities for review and orientation.
0 	Dependencies between activities are automatically handled, ensuring decisions made by the student or teacher are propagated through the inquiry.
0 	nQuire can be used to support inquiry activities across individual, group, and class levels at different parts of the inquiry and offers a flexible, web-based approach that can incorporate different devices (smart phone, netbook, PC) and does not rely on constant connectivity.


###261
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.2
#### Spatial Learning Using Locomotion Interface to Virtual Environment
0 	The inability to navigate independently and interact with the wider world is one of the most significant handicaps that can be caused by blindness, second only to the inability to communicate through reading and writing.
0 	Many difficulties are encountered when visually impaired people (VIP) need to visit new and unknown places.
0 	Current speech or haptics technology does not provide a good solution.
0 	Our approach is to use treadmill-style locomotion interface, unconstrained walking plane (UWP), to allow a richer and more immersive form of virtual environment (VE) exploration to enable VIP to create cognitive maps efficiently and thereby to enhance their mobility.
0 	An experimental study is reported that tests design of UWP for both straight walking and turning motions.
0 	Two groups of participants, blind-folded-sighted and blind, learned spatial layout in VE using two exploration modes: guided (training phase) and unguided (testing phase).
0 	Spatial layout knowledge was assessed by asking participants to perform object-localization task and target-object task.
0 	Our results showed a significant decrease in time and helps taken to complete tasks, subjective workload, and errors in a post-training trial as compared to a partial-training trial.
0 	UWP has been found to significantly improve interaction with VE with visualizations such as spatial information.


###262
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.3
#### LaaN: Convergence of Knowledge Management and Technology-Enhanced Learning
0 	Knowledge Management (KM) and Technology-Enhanced Learning (TEL) have attracted attention over the past two decades and are meanwhile considered as important means to increase individual and organizational performance.
0 	There is, however, a wide agreement that traditional KM and TEL models have failed to cope with the fast-paced change and critical challenges of the new knowledge era.
0 	In this paper, we propose a vision for future KM/TEL approaches which aims to fulfill the needs of the new knowledge landscape by introducing the Learning as a Network (LaaN) theory as a new learning theory characterized by the convergence of KM and TEL within a learner-centric knowledge environment.
0 	We further discuss a possible implementation of the LaaN theory based on the personal learning environment (PLE) concept.


###263
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.
#### Automatic Assessment of 3D Modeling Exams
0 	Computer-based assessment of exams provides teachers and students with two main benefits: fairness and effectiveness in the evaluation process.
0 	This paper proposes a fully automatic evaluation tool for the Graphic and Virtual Design (GVD) curriculum at the First School of Architecture of the Politecnico di Torino, Italy.
0 	In particular, the tool is designed for the 3D modeling course, taught during the second year, where students have to prove their ability to model static scenes using the open source modeler Blender.
0 	During the final exam, students are required to create a 3D model as similar as possible to a reference object proposed by the teacher and shown through a set of 2D views; the similarity of the images is judged according to both model shape and materials.
0 	The traditional assessment process is particularly slow and strongly based on teachers subjective evaluation; the proposed solution efficiently implements an objective assessment mechanism that exploits computer vision and image analysis algorithms to automatically extract similarity indices.
0 	These indices are related to partial evaluation grades, which are then combined to obtain the final mark.
0 	A comparison with the traditional assessment process shows robustness and trustworthiness of the designed approach.


###264
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.1
#### An Intelligent Simulator for Telerobotics Training
0 	Roman Tutor is a tutoring system that uses sophisticated domain knowledge to monitor the progress of students and advise them while they are learning how to operate a space telerobotic system.
0 	It is intended to help train operators of the Space Station Remote Manipulator System (SSRMS) including astronauts, operators involved in ground-based control of SSRMS and technical support staff.
0 	Currently, there is only a single training facility for SSRMS operations and it is heavily scheduled.
0 	The training staff time is in heavy demand for teaching students, planning training tasks, developing teaching material, and new teaching tools.
0 	For example, all SSRMS simulation exercises are developed by hand and this process requires a lot of staff time.
0 	Once in an orbit ISS astronauts currently have only simple web-based material for skill development and maintenance.
0 	For long duration space flights, astronauts will require sophisticated simulation tools to maintain skills.
0 	Roman Tutor addresses these challenges by providing a portable training tool that can be installed anywhere and anytime to provide “just in time” training.
0 	It incorporates a model of the system operations curriculum, a kinematic simulation of the robotics equipment, and the ISS, a high performance path planner and an automatic task demonstration generator.
0 	For each element of the curriculum that the student is supposed to master, Roman Tutor generates example tasks for the student to accomplish within the simulation environment and then monitors its progression to provide relevant feedback when needed.
0 	Although motivated by the SSRMS application, Roman Tutor remains applicable to any telerobotics system application.


###265
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.1
#### Educational Technologies for Precollege Engineering Education
0 	Numerous efforts seek to increase awareness, interest, and participation in scientific and technological fields at the precollege level.
0 	Studies have shown these students are at a critical age where exposure to engineering and other related fields such as science, mathematics, and technology greatly impact their career goals.
0 	A variety of advanced learning technologies have emerged to enhance learning, promote hands-on experiences, and increase interest in engineering.
0 	However, creating and sustaining technology-infused learning environments at the precollege level is a challenging task, as many schools have limited resources and expertise.
0 	Moreover, while numerous technology solutions are available to support ambitious engineering-learning goals, choosing the right technology to align to program goals and resources may be a daunting task.
0 	In this work, we fill the gap between the applicability of educational implements and suitable teaching methods for precollege engineering.
0 	We present an overview of available hardware- and software-based technologies, and characterize these technologies based on criteria such as median price, the type of learning activities fostered, and the required users' expertise levels.
0 	In addition, we outline how these technologies align with deductive and inductive teaching methods that emphasize direct-instruction, inquiry-, problem-, and project-based methods, as studies have shown these methods are effective for precollege engineering education.


###266
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.1
#### Expressing Adaptation Strategies Using Adaptation Patterns
0 	Today, there is a real challenge to enable personalized access to information.
0 	Several systems have been proposed to address this challenge including Adaptive Hypermedia Systems (AHSs).
0 	However, the specification of adaptation strategies remains a difficult task for creators of such systems.
0 	In this paper, we consider the problem of the definition of adaptation strategies at a high level.
0 	We present two main contributions: a typology of elementary adaptation patterns for the adaptive navigation; and a process to generate adaptation strategies based on the use and the semiautomatic combination of patterns.
0 	We also describe how the generated adaptation strategies can be integrated into existing AHSs.
0 	A prototype has been implemented and an experiment in the e-learning domain has been conducted with a group of volunteers.
0 	This experiment shows that our pattern-based approach for defining adaptation strategies is more suitable than those based on “traditional” AH languages.


###267
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.2
#### Learning to Estimate Slide Comprehension in Classrooms with Support Vector Machines
0 	Comprehension assessment is an essential tool in classroom learning.
0 	However, the judgment often relies on experience of an instructor who makes observation of students' behavior during the lessons.
0 	We argue that students should report their own comprehension explicitly in a classroom.
0 	With students' comprehension made available at the slide level, we apply a machine learning technique to classify presentation slides according to comprehension levels.
0 	Our experimental result suggests that presentation-based features are as predictive as bag-of-words feature vector which is proved successful in text classification tasks.
0 	Our analysis on presentation-based features reveals possible causes of poor lecture comprehension.


###268
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.2
#### Facilitating Trust in Privacy-Preserving E-Learning Environments
0 	This research explores a new model for facilitating trust in online e-learning activities.
0 	We begin by protecting the privacy of learners through identity management (IM), where personal information can be protected through some degree of participant anonymity or pseudonymity.
0 	In order to expect learners to trust other pseudonymous participants, we realize that a reliable mechanism is needed for managing participants' reputations and assuring that such reputations are legitimately obtained.
0 	Further, because participants can hold multiple identities or can adopt new pseudonymous personas, a reliable and trustworthy mechanism for reputation transfer (RT) from one persona to another is required.
0 	Such a reputation transfer model must preserve privacy and at the same time prevent linkability of learners' identities and personas.
0 	In this paper, we present a privacy-preserving reputation management (RM) system which allows secure transfer of reputation.
0 	A prototypical implementation of our reputation transfer protocol and the successful experimental deployment of our reputation management solution in an e-learning discussion forum serve as a proof of concept.


###269
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.2
#### The Conceptual Structure of IMS Learning Design Does Not Impede Its Use for Authoring
0 	IMS Learning Design (LD) is the only available interoperability specification in the area of technology enhanced learning that allows the definition and orchestration of complex activity flows and resource environments in a multirole setting.
0 	IMS LD has been available since 2003, and yet it has not been widely adopted either by practitioners or by institutions.
0 	Much current IMS LD research seems to accept the assumption that a key barrier to adoption is the specification's conceptual complexity impeding the authoring process.
0 	This paper presents an empirical study to test this assumption.
0 	Study participants were asked to transform a given textual design description into an IMS LD unit of learning using 1) paper snippets representing IMS LD elements and 2) authoring software.
0 	The results show that teachers with little or no previous IMS LD knowledge were able to solve a design task that required the use of all IMS LD elements at levels A and B.
0 	An additional finding is that the authoring software did not facilitate people in producing better solutions than those who used paper snippets.
0 	This evidence suggests that conceptual complexity does not impede effective IMS LD authoring, so the barriers to adoption appear to lie elsewhere.


###270
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.2
#### Using Haptic and Auditory Interaction Tools to Engage Students with Visual Impairments in Robot Programming Activities
0 	The robotics field represents the integration of multiple facets of computer science and engineering.
0 	Robotics-based activities have been shown to encourage K-12 students to consider careers in computing and have even been adopted as part of core computer-science curriculum at a number of universities.
0 	Unfortunately, for students with visual impairments, there are still inadequate opportunities made available for teaching basic computing concepts using robotics-based curriculum.
0 	This outcome is generally due to the scarcity of accessible interfaces to educational robots and the unfamiliarity of teachers with alternative (e.g., nonvisual) teaching methods.
0 	As such, in this paper, we discuss the use of alternative interface modalities to engage students with visual impairments in robotics-based programming activities.
0 	We provide an overview of the interaction system and results on a pilot study that engaged nine middle school students with visual impairments during a two-week summer camp.


###271
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.1
#### Microblogging in a Classroom: Classifying Students' Relevant and Irrelevant Questions in a Microblogging-Supported Classroom
0 	Microblogging is a popular technology in social networking applications that lets users publish online short text messages (e.g., less than 200 characters) in real time via the web, SMS, instant messaging clients, etc.
0 	Microblogging can be an effective tool in the classroom and has lately gained notable interest from the education community.
0 	This paper proposes a novel application of text categorization for two types of microblogging questions asked in a classroom, namely relevant (i.e., questions that the teacher wants to address in the class) and irrelevant questions.
0 	Empirical results and analysis show that using personalization together with question text leads to better categorization accuracy than using question text alone.
0 	It is also beneficial to utilize the correlation between questions and available lecture materials as well as the correlation between questions asked in a lecture.
0 	Furthermore, empirical results also show that the elimination of stopwords leads to better correlation estimation between questions and leads to better categorization accuracy.
0 	On the other hand, incorporating students' votes on the questions does not improve categorization accuracy, although a similar feature has been shown to be effective in community question answering environments for assessing question quality.


###272
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.2
#### An Approach to Folksonomy-Based Ontology Maintenance for Learning Environments
0 	Recent research in learning technologies has demonstrated many promising contributions from the use of ontologies and semantic web technologies for the development of advanced learning environments.
0 	In spite of those benefits, ontology development and maintenance remain the key research challenges to be solved before ontology-enhanced learning environments are widely used.
0 	In this paper, we present an approach to ontology maintenance based on the use of collaborative tags contributed by learners while using learning environments.
0 	Our contribution is twofold: 1) a visualization and user interaction interface supporting the tasks of enriching ontologies with selected collaborative tags; and 2) ontology-enhanced metrics that are used for measuring semantic relatedness between collaborative tags and ontology concepts and for recommending tags which are relevant to a given ontological concept.
0 	We developed a software architecture as a proof of concept and a tool for the evaluation of our proposal.
0 	This tool is used to conduct the evaluation of the usability and effectiveness of the proposed method.


###273
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.1
#### Electures-Wiki—Toward Engaging Students to Actively Work with Lecture Recordings
0 	In this paper, we present the integration of a Wiki with lecture recordings using a tool called aofconvert, enabling the students to visually reference lecture recordings in the Wiki at a precise moment in time of the lecture.
0 	This tight integration between a Wiki and lecture materials allows the students to elaborate on the topics they learned in class as well as thoroughly discuss their own aspects of those topics.
0 	This technology can enable students to get actively involved in a collaborative learning process.
0 	One prerequisite for facilitating this consists in a reliable method for detecting slide transitions in lecture recordings.
0 	We describe an improved technique for slide transition detection in video-based/screen-grabbed lecture recordings when the object-based representation is not available.
0 	Our experiments demonstrate the accuracy of this new technique.
0 	A survey conducted with our students after using the Wiki in class completes this article and demonstrates which technical features are most important for such a Wiki.


###274
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.1
#### Wikibooks and Wikibookians: Loosely Coupled Community or a Choice for Future Textbooks?
0 	This study was conducted to better understand Wikibookian apprenticeship and identity as well as the environment or community they operate in.
0 	Our initial study explored the basic demographics, purpose and goals, ownership, collaborative work experiences, successes and failures, and advantages and disadvantages of wikibooks.
0 	Those initial results revealed interesting issues related to the Wikibookian community and practices within the Wikibooks website.
0 	The survey data of this second of a two-part study suggested that while there is a unique sense of community among Wikibookians, most members work independently and without direct guidance or apprenticeship from other more experienced Wikibookians.
0 	We conclude that Wikibooks is not a social-networking site where people share profile pictures and make friends.
0 	Nevertheless, many Wikibookians do not have difficulties in communicating with other Wikibookians or in contributing to Wikibooks.
0 	In addition, this is an open educational environment where sharing knowledge is the primary goal.


###275
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.
#### A Dynamic Social Feedback System to Support Learning and Social Interaction in Higher Education
0 	In this research, we examine the design, construction, and implementation of a dynamic, easy to use, feedback mechanism for social software.
0 	The tool was integrated into an existing university's online learning community (OLC).
0 	In line with constructivist learning models and practical information systems (IS) design, the feedback system provides members of the OLC with the capability to rate blog posts and provide instant feedback on the content of their peers.
0 	The software was implemented at a US university in an introductory course on IS with the goal of fostering higher levels of learning and social interaction.
0 	A content analysis showed higher levels of system usage corresponded with higher course grades.
0 	A survey analysis supported these results showing statistical significance between levels of system use and perceived levels of learning.


###276
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.1
#### Supporting Accessible Technology-Enhanced Training: The eAccess2Learn Framework
0 	During the last years, the design and development of technology-enhanced training systems for disabled groups of learners has attracted the attention of the technology-enhanced learning community.
0 	However, although a number of such systems have been designed to meet accessibility needs and preferences for those groups, most of them anticipate special-purpose e-training material and keep their e-training activities local to the particular system in use.
0 	As a result, neither reuse of existing digital training resources (widely available nowadays in web-based repositories) nor sharing of best technology-facilitated training practices among the communities of educational practitioners and training organizations is supported by these systems.
0 	Within this context, in this paper, we present the eAccess2Learn Framework which aims at providing tools and services that facilitate the design and development of accessible e-training resources and courses that bare the potential to be interexchanged between different e-training platforms and programs, thus making them potentially exploitable and reusable between different disabled user groups.


###277
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.
#### Evaluation of Telerobotic Interface Components for Teaching Robot Operation
0 	Remote learning has been an increasingly growing field in the last two decades.
0 	The Internet development, as well as the increase in PC's capabilities and bandwidth capacity, has made remote learning through the internet a convenient learning preference, leading to a variety of new interfaces and methods.
0 	In this work, we consider a remote learning interface, developed in a Computer Integrated Manufacturing (CIM) Laboratory, and evaluate the contribution of different interface components to the overall performance and learning ability of end users.
0 	The evaluated components are the control method of the robotic arm and the use of a three-dimensional simulation tool before and during the execution of a robotic task.
0 	An experiment is designed and executed, comparing alternative interface designs for remote learning of robotic operation.
0 	A teleoperation task was given to 120 engineering students through five semesters.
0 	The number of steps required for completing the task, the number of errors during the execution, and the improvement rate during the execution were measured and analyzed.
0 	The results provide guidelines for a better design of an interface for remote learning of robotic operation.
0 	The main contribution of this paper is in the introduction of a new teaching tool for laboratories and the supplied guidelines for an efficient design of such tools.


###278
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.3
#### A Network of Automatic Control Web-Based Laboratories
0 	This article presents an innovative project in the context of remote experimentation applied to control engineering education.
0 	Specifically, the authors describe their experience regarding the analysis, design, development, and exploitation of web-based technologies within the scope of automatic control.
0 	This work is part of an inter-university project known as AutomatL@bs, in which seven Spanish universities joined efforts to share their experimentation resources across the Internet.
0 	The paper begins by providing a background of how the development of virtual and remote control labs with pedagogical perspectives should be addressed.
0 	In particular, we present examples of remote labs developed by two of the university groups taking part in AutomatL@bs.
0 	We then present the automatic booking system that manages the access of users to each laboratory's didactical setup.
0 	Next, we show the integration process of every component into a Learning Management System (LMS).
0 	Finally, an overall system assessment of the students' perception of the quality of the experimental environment as a learning tool is analyzed.


###279
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.2
#### Bees Algorithm for Construction of Multiple Test Forms in E-Testing
0 	The purpose of this research is to automatically construct multiple equivalent test forms that have equivalent qualities indicated by test information functions based on item response theory.
0 	There has been a trade-off in previous studies between the computational costs and the equivalent qualities of test forms.
0 	To alleviate this problem, we propose an automated system of test construction based on the Bees Algorithm in parallel computing.
0 	We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed system through various experiments.


###280
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.3
#### Benefits of a Tangible Interface for Collaborative Learning and Interaction
0 	We investigated the role that tangibility plays in a problem-solving task by observing logistic apprentices using either a multitouch or a tangible interface.
0 	Results showed that tangibility helped them perform the task better and achieve a higher learning gain.
0 	In addition, groups using the tangible interface collaborated better, explored more alternative designs, and perceived problem solving as more playful.
0 	Mediation analysis revealed that exploration was the only process variable explaining the performance for the problem-solving task.
0 	Implications of this study are discussed in terms of the benefits of tangibility for education and directions for future research.


###281
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.
#### Adapting the Speed of Reproduction of Audio Content and Using Text Reinforcement for Maximizing the Learning Outcome though Mobile Phones
0 	The use of technology in learning environments should be targeted at improving the learning outcome of the process.
0 	Several technology enhanced techniques can be used for maximizing the learning gain of particular students when having access to learning resources.
0 	One of them is content adaptation.
0 	Adapting content is especially important when using limited devices such as mobile phones.
0 	Content can be adapted to restrictive network conditions, to limited terminal capabilities, to different user preferences and learning styles or to external elements in the learning and user contexts.
0 	This paper studies and analyzes the impact of modifying and therefore adapting the speed of reproduction of audio content in mobile phones on the learning gain of the user.
0 	The paper shows that the optimum speed for Spanish audio is around 206 words per minute.
0 	The impact of enhancing the audio reproduction by presenting an equivalent version in text displayed on the screen of the mobile phone is also studied.
0 	The paper concludes that this text is only important for students younger than 15.
0 	The paper analyzes data from 100 Spanish speaking users that are grouped according to different criteria, such as gender, age, or level of studies.
0 	The results are presented and discussed.


###282
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.4
#### A Semantic-Oriented Approach for Organizing and Developing Annotation for E-Learning
0 	This paper presents a solution to extend the IEEE LOM standard with ontology-based semantic annotations for efficient use of learning objects outside Learning Management Systems.
0 	The data model corresponding to this approach is first presented.
0 	The proposed indexing technique for this model development in order to acquire a better annotation of learning resources is further presented.
0 	This technique extends and combines two consecrated alternative methods for structure-based indexing of textual resources: the mathematical approach of the latent semantic indexing and the linguistic-oriented WordNet-based text processing.
0 	Thus, the reason behind the good results provided by the first method becomes more transparent due to the linguistic controlled choices proposed by the second method.
0 	The paper results are important in the context of adopting semantic web technologies in the e-learning field, but also as a progress in the area of ontology-based indexing of textual resources.


###283
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.1
#### A Mobile Mixed-Reality Environment for Children's Storytelling Using a Handheld Projector and a Robot
0 	This paper describes a system called GENTORO that uses a robot and a handheld projector for supporting children's storytelling activities.
0 	GENTORO differs from many existing systems in that children can make a robot play their own story in a physical space augmented by mixed-reality technologies.
0 	Pilot studies have been conducted to clarify the design requirements of GENTORO from both technological and practical viewpoints.
0 	A user study indicates that GENTORO's ability to enable manipulation of a robot using a handheld projector in a physical space can enhance children's embodied participation in, and their level of engagement with, their storytelling activities, and can support children in designing and expressing creative and original stories.


###284
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.1
#### Experiences in Personal Lecture Video Capture
0 	The ability of lecture videos to capture the different modalities of a class interaction make them a good review tool.
0 	Multimedia capable devices are ubiquitous among contemporary students.
0 	Many lecturers are leveraging this popularity by distributing videos of lectures.
0 	They depend on the university to provide the video capture infrastructure.
0 	Some universities use trained videographers.
0 	Though they produce excellent videos, these efforts are expensive.
0 	Several research projects automate the video capture.
0 	However, these research prototypes are not readily deployable because of organizational constraints.
0 	Rather than waiting for the university to provide the necessary infrastructure, we show that instructors can personally capture the lecture videos using off-the-shelf components.
0 	Consumer grade high definition cameras and powerful personal computers allow instructor captured lecture videos to be as effective as the ones captured by the university.
0 	However, instructors will need to spend their own time on the various steps of the video capture workflow.
0 	They are also untrained in media capture; the capture mechanisms must be simple.
0 	Based on our experience in capturing lecture videos over three and a half years, we describe the technical challenges encountered in this endeavor.
0 	For instructors who accept the educational value of distributing lecture videos, we show that the effort required to capture and process the videos was modest.
0 	However, most existing campus storage and distribution options are unsuitable for the resource demands imposed by video distribution.
0 	We describe the strengths of several viable distribution alternatives.
0 	The instructors should work with the campus information technology personnel and design a distribution mechanism that considers the network location of the students.


###285
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.2
#### Guiding Learners into Reengagement through the SCALE Environment: An Empirical Study
0 	The paper presents the facilities offered by the open learner model maintained in the web-based, adaptive, activity-oriented learning environment SCALE (Supporting Collaboration and Adaptation in a Learning Environment), in order to guide online students who become disengaged and support their reengagement.
0 	The open learner model (OLM_SCALE) contains and represents information about students' performance level, the minimum, maximum, and average performance level calculated from all the students enrolled in the specific subject matter, and students' interactions with the system.
0 	The paper gives an outline of the SCALE environment and OLM_SCALE and presents an empirical study that was conducted.
0 	The results of the study revealed that: 1) students positively admitted the facilities of OLM_SCALE and 2) the exploitation of OLM_SCALE can effectively lead disengaged students to work in an engaged way.


###286
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.1
#### Disengagement Detection in Online Learning: Validation Studies and Perspectives
0 	Learning environments aim to deliver efficacious instruction, but rarely take into consideration the motivational factors involved in the learning process.
0 	However, motivational aspects like engagement play an important role in effective learning-engaged learners gain more.
0 	E-Learning systems could be improved by tracking students' disengagement that, in turn, would allow personalized interventions at appropriate times in order to reengage students.
0 	This idea has been exploited several times for Intelligent Tutoring Systems, but not yet in other types of learning environments that are less structured.
0 	To address this gap, our research looks at online learning-content-delivery systems using educational data mining techniques.
0 	Previously, several attributes relevant for disengagement prediction were identified by means of log-file analysis on HTML-Tutor, a web-based learning environment.
0 	In this paper, we investigate the extendibility of our approach to other systems by studying the relevance of these attributes for predicting disengagement in a different e-learning system.
0 	To this end, two validation studies were conducted indicating that the previously identified attributes are pertinent for disengagement prediction, and two new meta-attributes derived from log-data observations improve prediction and may potentially be used for automatic log-file annotation.


###287
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.1
#### 3D Digital Legos for Teaching Security Protocols
0 	We have designed and developed a 3D digital Lego system as an education tool for teaching security protocols effectively in Information Assurance courses (Lego is a trademark of the LEGO Group.
0 	Here, we use it only to represent the pieces of a construction set.).
0 	Our approach applies the pedagogical methods learned from toy construction sets by treating security primitives as Lego pieces and protocols as construction results.
0 	Simulating the Lego toys, the digital Legos use matching shapes to help students understand the relationships among security primitives and protocols.
0 	Specifically, we present a flexible Lego generation method that can use various intuitive shapes to represent abstract and complex security protocols.
0 	Our design allows easy generation of new Lego sets and creation of different course materials.
0 	The integrated system also provides 3D interaction methods that simulate the real Lego building experience.
0 	For selected security courses, we have designed sample demonstrations and experiments for a set of important protocols.
0 	The initial evaluation results show encouraging feedback from students on using digital Legos in introductory security courses.


###288
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.2
#### Individualized Skill Assessment in Digital Learning Games: Basic Definitions and Mathematical Formalism
0 	The assessment of knowledge and learning progress in the context of game-based learning requires novel, noninvasive, and embedded approaches.
0 	In the present paper, we introduce a mathematical framework which relates the (problem solution) behavior of a learner in the game context to the learner's available and lacking competencies.
0 	We argue that a problem situation and its status at a certain point in time can be described by a set of game props and their current properties or states.
0 	In the course of the game, the learner can perform different actions to modify the props and, consequently, change the problem situation.
0 	Each action is evaluated with respect to its correctness or appropriateness for accomplishing a given task which, in turn, enables conclusions about the competence state of the learner.
0 	This assessment procedure serves as the basis for adaptive interventions, for instance, by providing the learner with guidance or feedback.


###289
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.2
#### Design and Implementation Issues for Modern Remote Laboratories
0 	The design and implementation of remote laboratories present different levels of complexity according to the nature of the equipments operated by the remote laboratory, the requirements imposed on the accessing computers, the network linking the user to the laboratory, and the type of experiments the laboratory supports.
0 	This paper addresses the design and implementation of remote laboratories employing web technologies, both at the client and the server side.
0 	These types of remote laboratories are called WebLabs, and can be deployed over different networks such as the public internet, campuswide networks, or high-speed private networks.
0 	Although most published works on WebLabs focus on their functional and operational aspects, nonfunctional requirements related to security, quality of service, and federated operation of WebLabs have received little attention.
0 	This paper addresses how these requirements can be incorporated into WebLab design, and discusses the most appropriate web technologies to fulfill such requirements.


###290
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.2
#### E-Assessment as a Service
0 	Assessment is an essential element in learning processes.
0 	It is therefore not unsurprising that almost all learning management systems (LMSs) offer support for assessment, e.g., for the creation, execution, and evaluation of multiple choice tests.
0 	We have designed and implemented generic support for assessment that is based on assignments that students submit as electronic documents.
0 	In addition to assignments that are graded by teachers, we also support assignments that can be automatically tested and evaluated, e.g., assignments in programming languages, or other formal notations.
0 	In this paper, we report about the design and implementation of a service-oriented approach for automatic assessment of programming assignments.
0 	The most relevant aspects of our “assessment as a service” solution are that on the one hand the advantages of automatic assessment can be used with a multitude of programming languages, as well as other formal notations (as so-called backends); on the other hand, the features of these types of assessment can be easily interfaced with different existing learning management systems (as so called frontends).
0 	We also report about the practical use of the implemented software components at our university and other educational institutions.


###291
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.2
#### and Learning in the Real and Virtual Trillium Trails
0 	Over the past 20 years, there has been a debate on the effectiveness of virtual reality used for learning with young children, producing many ideas but little empirical proof.
0 	This empirical study compared learning activity in situ of a real environment (Real) and a desktop virtual reality (Virtual) environment, built with video game technology, for discovery-based learning.
0 	The experiences were in the form of two field trips featuring statistically identical wildflower reserves.
0 	While the results support that the Real is superior for learning activity, they also show that the Virtual is useful for priming and reinforcing in-curriculum material, or for situations when the real environment is inaccessible.
0 	Offering the Virtual first primes for learning activity in the Real; if used second, it reinforces the Real experience, as supporting evidence shows significant transfer effects.
0 	Thus, the Virtual may serve educational goals, if used appropriately, and can come close to the Real.
0 	As informal learning environments, such as field trips and video games, are accepted as motivational, an attitudinal survey was conducted postexperiences to capture motivational factors at play, to aid in comparison and contrast, and to provide context to the empirical results on learning activity in situ; however, more work is needed.


###292
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.2
#### A Virtual Reality Dance Training System Using Motion Capture Technology
0 	In this paper, a new dance training system based on the motion capture and virtual reality (VR) technologies is proposed.
0 	Our system is inspired by the traditional way to learn new movements-imitating the teacher's movements and listening to the teacher's feedback.
0 	A prototype of our proposed system is implemented, in which a student can imitate the motion demonstrated by a virtual teacher projected on the wall screen.
0 	Meanwhile, the student's motions will be captured and analyzed by the system based on which feedback is given back to them.
0 	The result of user studies showed that our system can successfully guide students to improve their skills.
0 	The subjects agreed that the system is interesting and can motivate them to learn.


###293
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.
#### Adaptive and Intelligent Systems for Collaborative Learning Support: A Review of the Field
0 	This study critically reviews the recently published scientific literature on the design and impact of adaptive and intelligent systems for collaborative learning support (AICLS) systems.
0 	The focus is threefold: 1) analyze critical design issues of AICLS systems and organize them under a unifying classification scheme, 2) present research evidence on the impact of these systems on student learning, and 3) identify current trends and open research questions in the field.
0 	After systematically searching online bibliographic databases, 105 articles were included in the review with 70 of them reporting concrete evaluation data on the learning impact of AICLS systems.
0 	Systems design analysis led us to propose a classification scheme with five dimensions: pedagogical objective, target of adaptation, modeling, technology, and design space.
0 	The reviewed articles indicate that AICLS systems increasingly introduce Artificial Intelligence and Web 2.0 techniques to support pretask interventions, in-task peer interactions, and learning domain-specific activities.
0 	Findings also suggest that AICLS systems may improve both learners' domain knowledge and collaboration skills.
0 	However, these benefits are subject to the learning design and the capability of AICLS to adapt and intervene in an unobtrusive way.
0 	Finally, providing peer interaction support seems to motivate students and improve collaboration and learning.


###294
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.4
#### Architecture for Building Conversational Agents that Support Collaborative Learning
0 	Tutorial Dialog Systems that employ Conversational Agents (CAs) to deliver instructional content to learners in one-on-one tutoring settings have been shown to be effective in multiple learning domains by multiple research groups.
0 	Our work focuses on extending this successful learning technology to collaborative learning settings involving two or more learners interacting with one or more agents.
0 	Experience from extending existing techniques for developing conversational agents into multiple-learner settings highlights two underlying assumptions from the one-learner setting that do not generalize well to the multiuser setting, and thus cause difficulties.
0 	These assumptions include what we refer to as the near-even participation assumption and the known addressee assumption.
0 	A new software architecture called Basilica that allows us to address and overcome these limitations is a major contribution of this article.
0 	The Basilica architecture adopts an object-oriented approach to represent agents as a network composed of what we refer to as behavioral components because they enable the agents to engage in rich conversational behaviors.
0 	Additionally, we describe three specific conversational agents built using Basilica in order to illustrate the desirable properties of this new architecture.


###295
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.3
#### Enrichment of Peer Assessment with Agent Negotiation
0 	This study presents a conceptual framework for providing intelligent supports through agent negotiation and fuzzy constraints to enhance the effectiveness of peer assessment.
0 	By using fuzzy constraints, it not only provides a flexible marking scheme to deal with the imprecision and uncertainty for the representation of assessment but also provides a computational framework to incorporate student's personal characteristics into the process for the reduction of assessment bias.
0 	Additionally, a fuzzy constraint-based negotiation mechanism is employed to coordinate the cognitive differences between students.
0 	Through iterative agent negotiation, students can reconcile the differences and reach an agreement on the assessment results.
0 	Thus, the proposed framework allows students to provide more detailed, informed, and less biased assessments for their peers' work.
0 	To demonstrate the usefulness and effectiveness of the proposed approach, a negotiation-based peer assessment system, NePAS, has been built and used in classroom.
0 	Experimental results suggested that students were more willing to accept the assessment results and able to acquire more useful information to reflect upon and revise their work.
0 	Instructors can also observe students' participation and performance to appropriately adjust instructional strategies.


###296
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.2
#### Lessons Learned from Comprehensive Deployments of Multiagent CSCL Applications I-MINDS and ClassroomWiki
0 	Recent years have seen a surge in the use of intelligent computer-supported collaborative learning (CSCL) tools for improving student learning in traditional classrooms.
0 	However, adopting such a CSCL tool in a classroom still requires the teacher to develop (or decide on which to adopt) the CSCL tool and the CSCL script, design the relevant pedagogical aspects (i.e., the learning objectives, assessment method, etc.)
0 	to overcome the associated challenges (e.g., free riding, student assessment, forming student groups that improve student learning, etc).
0 	We have used a multiagent-based system to develop a CSCL application and multiagent-frameworks to form student groups that improve student collaborative learning.
0 	In this paper, we describe the contexts of our three generations of CSCL applications (i.e., I-MINDS and ClassroomWiki) and provide a set of lessons learned from our deployments in terms of the script, tool, and pedagogical aspects of using CSCL.
0 	We believe that our lessons would allow 1) the instructors and students to use intelligent CSCL applications more effectively and efficiently, and help to improve the design of such systems, and 2) the researchers to gain additional insights into the impact of collaborative learning theories when they are applied to real-world classrooms.


###297
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.3
#### Assessment of (Computer-Supported) Collaborative Learning
0 	Within the (Computer-Supported) Collaborative Learning (CS)CL research community, there has been an extensive dialogue on theories and perspectives on learning from collaboration, approaches to scaffold (script) the collaborative process, and most recently research methodology.
0 	In contrast, the issue of assessment of collaborative learning has received much less attention.
0 	This article discusses how assessment of collaborative learning has been addressed, provides a perspective on what could be assessed, and highlights limitations of current approaches.
0 	Since assessment of collaborative learning is a demanding experience for teachers and students alike, they require adequate computer-supported and intelligent tools for monitoring and assessment.
0 	A roadmap for the role and application of intelligent tools for assessment of (CS)CL is presented.


###298
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.4
#### Semantic Social Scaffolding for Capturing and Sharing Dissertation Experience
0 	This paper presents a novel collaborative tool - AWESOME Dissertation Environment (ADE) - which facilitates student learning through semantic social scaffolding: a new approach to dissertation writing challenges.
0 	These challenges revolve around three issues: timing of support; collective intelligence, and sense making strategies in tension with the individual and individualized experience of researching, writing and supervising dissertations; and supporting students' transition from learning “about” to learning “how to” research and write dissertations.
0 	A social technical approach was adopted to meet the challenge of effectively integrating technology development and pedagogic practice to address these issues.
0 	A semantic wiki was tailored into a social writing environment capable of providing holistic support throughout the whole dissertation process.
0 	A trial of ADE with students and tutors in Fashion Design examines user acceptance and the connection between technology and practice.
0 	Based on the design, implementation, and user trialing of the ADE, broad implications for future TEL adopting social semantic web principles and tools are drawn, highlighting issues with 1) user-centric design and development, 2) tailoring, seeding and evolution of the community environment, and 3) divergent expectations and facilitation of user participation.


###299
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.4
#### Collaborative Writing Support Tools on the Cloud
0 	Academic writing, individual or collaborative, is an essential skill for today's graduates.
0 	Unfortunately, managing writing activities and providing feedback to students is very labor intensive and academics often opt out of including such learning experiences in their teaching.
0 	We describe the architecture for a new collaborative writing support environment used to embed such collaborative learning activities in engineering courses.
0 	iWrite provides tools for managing collaborative and individual writing assignments in large cohorts.
0 	It outsources the writing tools and the storage of student content to third party cloud-computing vendors (i.e., Google).
0 	We further describe how using machine learning and NLP techniques, the architecture provides automated feedback, automatic question generation, and process analysis features.


###300
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2011.
#### Observation of Collaborative Activities in a Game-Based Learning Platform
0 	The work reported here takes place in the educational domain.
0 	Learning with Computer-Based Learning Environments changes habits, especially for teachers.
0 	In this paper, we wish to demonstrate through examples how learning sessions set up in a Game-Based Learning environment may be regulated by the teacher thanks to observation facilities.
0 	Providing teachers with feedback (via observation) on the ongoing activity is thus central to being aware of what is happening in the classroom, in order to react in an appropriate way and to adapt a given pedagogical scenario.
0 	The first part deals with the observation of a learning environment, based on traces left by users in their collaborative activities.
0 	The information existing in these traces is rich but the quantity of traces is huge and very often incomplete.
0 	Furthermore, the information is not always at the right level of abstraction.
0 	That is why we explain the observation process, the assets of a multisource approach and the need for visualization linked to the traces.
0 	The second part of the paper focuses on our view of learning games illustrated through the “pedagogical dungeon,” a game-based environment that we have developed.
0 	In the third part, we illustrate these concepts in the pedagogical dungeon equipped for observation and with the capacity for collaboration in certain activities.
0 	Finally, the feedback about the experiments presented is discussed at the end of the paper.


###301
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.2
#### Games Methodologies and Immersive Environments for Virtual Fieldwork
0 	The construction and consolidation of knowledge through the practical application of concepts and processes can be difficult to support for subjects where practice is an integral component of competence and expertise in that domain.
0 	For example, participation in an archaeological excavation is not readily available to students, although a detailed understanding of what processes this involves is deemed to be core to the subject.
0 	The Laconia Acropolis Virtual Archaeology (LAVA) project has created a cooperative exploratory learning environment that addresses the need for students to engage with the complex practice of excavation.
0 	By leveraging the progressive nature of games methodologies and the immersive engagement provided by 3D multiuser virtual environments, LAVA facilitates the adoption of exploratory learning for excavation scenarios which have previously been inaccessible due to barriers of travel, time, and cost.
0 	A virtual environment based on real world data has been developed where groups of users are faced with a series of dynamic challenges with which they engage until such time that a certain level of competence is shown.
0 	Once a series of domain-specific objectives has been met, users are able to progress forward to the next level of the simulation.
0 	The excavation simulator enhances the student learning experience by providing opportunities for students to engage with the process in a customizable, virtual environment.
0 	Not only does this provide students with an opportunity to put the theories they are familiar with into practice, but it also allows students to gain experience in applying their skills in a bid to manage an excavation process, thereby making it possible for a greater emphasis to be placed on the practical application of knowledge that the excavation process necessitates.
0 	The potential of this approach has been confirmed by a positive user evaluation.
0 	LAVA contributes toward the progress of technology-enhanced learning by illustrating the instantiation of a framework which demonstrates how to integrate games methods with learning management systems and virtual worlds in order to support higher order learning behaviors such as applying, analyzing, evaluating, and creating.


###302
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.1
#### Critical Factors for Technology Integration in Game-Based Pervasive Learning Spaces
0 	Pervasive learning is a branch of mobile learning with an emphasis on context-awareness.
0 	Pervasive learning spaces (PLSs) create bridges from the real world to the virtual world, allowing the context-sensitive utilization of real-world objects and information in the learning process.
0 	Thus far, no model of technology integration for PLSs exists.
0 	We present a three-year process during which several game-based PLSs were developed.
0 	Based on the development experiences and a series of literature analyses, we present a technology integration model for game-based PLSs.
0 	The model meets the requirements of context, pedagogy, and game-design with technology.
0 	From these requirements, we derive three critical factors for technology integration in PLSs: 1) context-awareness, 2) available resources, and 3) unobtrusiveness of the technology.
0 	The model is discussed and evaluated through applying the model to the development process of LieksaMyst, a game-based PLS for a museum.
0 	User perceptions and usability of our games are also evaluated.
0 	The model can be utilized by PLS designers and developers for determining which requirements must be considered when integrating technology into a PLS.
0 	While the foundations of a technology integration model are now laid, work remains to be done in identifying development and evaluation methods based on the model.


###303
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.3
#### An Evaluative Study on VISOLE—Virtual Interactive Student-Oriented Learning Environment
0 	Virtual Interactive Student-Oriented Learning Environment (VISOLE) is a constructivist pedagogical approach to game-based learning.
0 	It encompasses the creation of a near real-life online interactive world modeled upon a set of multidisciplinary domains, in which each student plays a role in this “virtual world” and shapes its development.
0 	With sophisticated multiplayer simulation context and teacher facilitation, VISOLE aims at providing opportunities for students to acquire subject-specific knowledge in a multidisciplinary manner as well as sharpen their generic skills for problem solving.
0 	With a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods of inquiry, an evaluative study on VISOLE was conducted in Hong Kong, involving the deployment of VISOLE in 16 schools (with 254 students and 28 teachers).
0 	Notwithstanding, the positive quantitative findings (the students' advancement in the knowledge and problem-solving generic skills concerned) of the study, the qualitative data revealed that some phenomena which emerged during the VISOLE process impeded the students' learning process.
0 	On the other hand, some of the teachers, who also observed the same impeding phenomena, initiated or suggested some new interventions to mitigate these phenomena.
0 	The findings threw light on the issue of how to enhance the current design of VISOLE.


###304
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.3
#### Teaching Boolean Logic through Game Rule Tuning
0 	The Boolean logic is a tool to model the algebra of truth values.
0 	It is an essential subject in Computer Programming and Digital Electronics.
0 	While teaching the Boolean logic, teacher usually gives examples to elaborate the Boolean logic formulation.
0 	However, the physical meaning of the Boolean logic is difficult for students to imagine without the realization to real-world case.
0 	The classical Pac-Man game which has clear Boolean logic game rules and simple game scenario is chosen as the teaching aid.
0 	Accordingly, two learning activities, the Boolean logic realization activity and game scenario formulation activity, are proposed.
0 	Our idea is that through game rule tuning in the learning activities, the students can comprehend how the changing of game rule (Boolean logic) affects the game scenario.
0 	To manipulate the game scenario for teaching specific learning objectives of Boolean logic, the Game Rule of the original Pac-Man game is defined and seven versions of modified game scenarios provided as illustrations are appropriately organized for students to practice one Boolean logic concept each time.
0 	The experimental results showed the proposed activity can have higher learning achievements compared to the traditional lecturing.


###305
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.3
#### Annie: Automated Generation of Adaptive Learner Guidance for Fun Serious Games
0 	This paper describes some of the difficulties inherent in building intelligent educational games, specifically the challenge of integrating pedagogy with core game play.
0 	We introduce a plan-based knowledge representation that provides a novel framework for infusing the core mechanics of a game with pedagogical content.
0 	We describe, in detail, a system that leverages this framework to dynamically adapt a game to individual learners at runtime.


###306
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.2
#### Guided Game-Based Learning Using Fuzzy Cognitive Maps
0 	Fuzzy Cognitive Maps (FCMs) can be used to design game-based learning systems for their excellent ability of concept representation and reasoning.
0 	However, they cannot 1) acquire new knowledge from data and 2) correct false prior knowledge, thus reducing the game-based learning ability.
0 	This paper utilizes Hebbian Learning Rule to solve the first problem and uses Unbalance Degree to solve the second problem.
0 	As a result, an improved FCM gains the ability of self-learning from both data and prior knowledge.
0 	The improved FCM, therefore, is intelligent enough to work as a teacher to guide the study process.
0 	Based on the improved FCM, a novel game-based learning model is proposed, including a teacher submodel, a learner submodel, and a set of game-based learning mechanisms.
0 	The teacher submodel has enough knowledge and intelligence to deduce the answers by the improved FCM.
0 	The learner submodel records students' study processes.
0 	The game-based learning mechanism realizes the guided game-based learning process with the support of the teacher submodel.
0 	A driving training prototype system is presented as a case study to present a way to realize a real system based on the proposed models.
0 	Extensive experimental results justify the model in terms of the controlling and guiding the study process of the student.


###307
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.2
#### Ranking Learning Objects through Integration of Different Quality Indicators
0 	The solutions used to-date for recommending learning objects have proved unsatisfactory.
0 	In an attempt to improve the situation, this document highlights the insufficiencies of the existing approaches, and identifies quality indicators that might be used to provide information on which materials to recommend to users.
0 	Next, a synthesized quality indicator that can facilitate the ranking of learning objects, according to their overall quality, is proposed.
0 	In this way, explicit evaluations carried out by users or experts will be used, along with the usage data; thus, completing the information on which the recommendation is based.
0 	Taking a set of learning objects from the Merlot repository, we analyzed the relationships that exist between the different quality indicators to form an overall quality indicator that can be calculated automatically, guaranteeing that all resources will be rated.


###308
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.1
#### Assigning Students to Groups Using General and Context-Specific Criteria
0 	Group projects are an important component in many courses.
0 	Instructors can allow students to form their own groups or assign them to increase the effectiveness of the group.
0 	Most computational tools supporting the assignment of students to class project groups use some general criterion, for instance, maximizing the diversity of the group members.
0 	However, frequently, the instructor needs to consider additional context-specific criteria and preferences which force the instructor to figure out the assignment of the students by hand instead of using a software tool.
0 	Difficult and time-consuming, this task can easily result in suboptimal assignments.
0 	In this paper, a method is introduced that allows the instructor to combine a general criterion and a flexible set of context-specific preferences to describe the type of groups preferred.
0 	The heuristic Tabu Search algorithm finds solutions satisfying most preferences.


###309
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.5
#### ClassroomWiki: A Collaborative Wiki for Instructional Use with Multiagent Group Formation
0 	Wikis today are being used as a tool to conduct collaborative writing assignments in classrooms.
0 	However, typical Wikis do not adequately address the assessment of individual student contributions toward their groups or provide any automated group formation mechanism.
0 	To improve these aspects, we have designed and implemented ClassroomWiki - a web-based collaborative Wiki writing tool.
0 	For the students, ClassroomWiki provides a web interface for writing and revising their group's Wiki and a topic-based forum for discussing their ideas during collaboration.
0 	When the students collaborate, ClassroomWiki tracks all student activities and builds detailed student models that represent their contributions toward their groups.
0 	For the teacher, ClassroomWiki provides a multiagent framework that uses the student models to form student groups to improve the collaborative learning of students.
0 	To investigate the impact of ClassroomWiki, we have conducted a three-week-long collaborative Wiki writing assignment in a university-level history course.
0 	The results suggest that ClassroomWiki can 1) improve the collaborative learning outcome of the students by its group formation framework, 2) help the teacher better assess a student's contribution toward his or her group and avoid free riding, and 3) facilitate specific and precise teacher intervention with accurate and detailed tracking of student activities.


###310
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.1
#### An Interactive Table for Supporting Participation Balance in Face-to-Face Collaborative Learning
0 	We describe an interactive table designed for supporting face-to-face collaborative learning.
0 	The table, Reflect, addresses the issue of unbalanced participation during group discussions.
0 	By displaying on its surface, a shared visualization of member participation, Reflect, is meant to encourage participants to avoid the extremes of over and underparticipation.
0 	We report on a user study that validates some of our hypotheses on the effect the table would have on its users.
0 	Namely, we show that Reflect leads to more balanced collaboration, but only under certain conditions.
0 	We also show different effects the table has on over and underparticipators.


###311
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.1
#### Context-Aware Services for Smart Learning Spaces
0 	This paper describes a cost-effective infrastructure for building ubiquitous collaborative learning spaces.
0 	It uses techniques from the Semantic Web and ubiquitous computing to build a learner-centric service-based architecture to transform existing traditional learning spaces (e.g., classrooms, computer labs, meeting rooms, and hallways) into intelligent ambient learning environments.
0 	This is achieved by blending a number of inexpensive technologies which are optimally configured to provide services that can perceive a learners' location and schedule, identify current learning activity, recommend learning resources, and enable effective real-time collaboration and resource sharing between learners and their instructors.
0 	These services are semantically defined and homogeneously integrated using a shared ontology, service policies, and inference rules.
0 	Service invocation and coordination are triggered at runtime by context-changes in the learning environment, thus offering full context awareness and providing real-time support for various learning modes, including formal, informal, and Ad hoc collaborative learning.
0 	Furthermore, the learning is supported by a range of mobile devices that are commonly used by learners to enable better instruction and communication.
0 	A prototype system is developed and tested using different learning scenarios.
0 	The system has also been tested by a group of learners whose feedback is provided for performance assessment.


###312
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.4
#### Automatic Detection of Off-Task Behaviors in Intelligent Tutoring Systems with Machine Learning Techniques
0 	Identifying off-task behaviors in intelligent tutoring systems is a practical and challenging research topic.
0 	This paper proposes a machine learning model that can automatically detect students' off-task behaviors.
0 	The proposed model only utilizes the data available from the log files that record students' actions within the system.
0 	The model utilizes a set of time features, performance features, and mouse movement features, and is compared to 1) a model that only utilizes time features and 2) a model that uses time and performance features.
0 	Different students have different types of behaviors; therefore, personalized version of the proposed model is constructed and compared to the corresponding nonpersonalized version.
0 	In order to address data sparseness problem, a robust Ridge Regression algorithm is utilized to estimate model parameters.
0 	An extensive set of experiment results demonstrates the power of using multiple types of evidence, the personalized model, and the robust Ridge Regression algorithm.


###313
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.
#### Improving Teaching and Learning through Automated Short-Answer Marking
0 	Automated short-answer marking cannot “guarantee” 100 percent agreement between the marks generated by a software system and marks produced separately by a human.
0 	This problem has prevented automated marking systems from being used in high-stake short-answer marking.
0 	This paper describes how an automated short-answer marking system, called IndusMarker, can be effectively used to improve teaching and learning in an Object-Oriented Programming course taught at a university.
0 	The system is designed for factual answers where there is a clear criterion for answers being right or wrong.
0 	The system is based on structure matching, i.e., matching a prespecified structure, developed via a purpose-built structure editor, with the content of the student's answer text.


###314
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.1
#### Ranking Metrics and Search Guidance for Learning Object Repository
0 	In line with the popularity of the Internet and the development of search engine, users request information through web-based services.
0 	Although general-purpose searching such as one provided by Google is powerful, searching mechanism for specific purposes could rely on metadata.
0 	In distance learning (or e-learning), SCORM provides an efficient metadata definition for learning objects to be searched and shared.
0 	To facilitate searching in a federated repository, CORDRA provides a common architecture for discovering and sharing Learning Objects.
0 	We followed SCORM and CORDRA specifications to develop a registry system, called the MINE Registry, for storing and sharing 20,738 Learning Objects created in the past five years.
0 	As a contribution, we propose the concept of “Reusability Tree” to represent the relationships among relevant Learning Objects and enhance CORDRA.
0 	We further collect relevant information, while users are utilizing Learning Objects, such as citations and time period persisted.
0 	The feedbacks from the user community are also considered as critical elements for evaluating significance degree of Learning Objects.
0 	Through theses factors, we propose a mechanism to weight and rank Learning Objects in the MINE Registry, in addition to other external learning objects repositories.
0 	As a practical contribution, we provide a tool called “Search Guider” to assist users in finding relevant information in Learning Objects based on individual requirements.


###315
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.5
#### An Integrated Reusable Remote Laboratory to Complement Electronics Teaching
0 	The great majority of the courses on science and technology areas where lab work is a fundamental part of the apprenticeship was not until recently available to be taught at distance.
0 	This reality is changing with the dissemination of remote laboratories.
0 	Supported by resources based on new information and communication technologies, it is now possible to remotely control a wide variety of real laboratories.
0 	However, most of them are designed specifically to this purpose, are inflexible and only on its functionality they resemble the real ones.
0 	In this paper, an alternative remote lab infrastructure devoted to the study of electronics is presented.
0 	Its main characteristics are, from a teacher's perspective, reusability and simplicity of use, and from a students' point of view, an exact replication of the real lab, enabling them to complement or finish at home the work started at class.
0 	The remote laboratory is integrated in the Learning Management System in use at the school, and therefore, may be combined with other web experiments and e-learning strategies, while safeguarding security access issues.


###316
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.1
#### Quantifying Effects of Exposure to the Third and First-Person Perspectives in Virtual-Reality-Based Training
0 	In the recent years, usage of the third-person perspective (3PP) in virtual training methods has become increasingly viable and despite the growing interest in virtual reality and graphics underlying third-person perspective usage, not many studies have systematically looked at the dynamics and differences between the third and first-person perspectives (1PPs).
0 	The current study was designed to quantify the differences between the effects induced by training participants to the third-person and first-person perspectives in a ball catching task.
0 	Our results show that for a certain trajectory of the stimulus, the performance of the participants post3PP training is similar to their performance postnormal perspective training.
0 	Performance post1PP training varies significantly from both 3PP and the normal perspective.


###317
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.
#### A Frankenstein Approach to Open Source: The Construction of a 3D Game Engine as Meaningful Educational Process
0 	Using open source components to assemble a working 3D game engine is an attractive alternative to purchasing off-the-shelf technology.
0 	A student development team can use many different resources to investigate what underlying mechanisms are needed to build virtual environments.
0 	However, the techniques and processes involved when using open source components offer unique insights and educational opportunities.
0 	Leveraging and modifying existing software, and participating in the open source community, may alter the perspective of how game engines can be created.
0 	In this work, the process of building a simulation 3D game engine to support a training application for emergency response personnel is discussed.
0 	Evidence is presented that researching, gathering, and assembling open source components to build an open educational resource (OER), in this case a virtual 3D application, holds educational value.
0 	The research focuses on students whose interests cross disciplines of computer science, educational technology, instructional design, and game design.


###318
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.
#### Architecture for Learning Objects Sharing among Learning Institutions—LOP2P
0 	This paper presents an interoperability architecture that allows different educational institutions to share their learning object repositories, in order to create courses using Learning Management Systems (LMS).
0 	The initiative is in line with a current trend in educational institutions to produce learning objects and make them freely available through open web repositories.
0 	The proposed mechanism is based on Peer-to-Peer architecture, in which each institution is a peer.
0 	This paper details the two main components of the architecture, plug-in, for LMS-like systems, and Mediation Layer.
0 	Some implementation issues are also discussed.


###319
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.3
#### Bootstrapping a Culture of Sharing to Facilitate Open Educational Resources
0 	It seems self-evident that life for teachers would be simplified if there existed a large corpus of relevant resources that was available for them to reuse and for inquisitive students to download.
0 	The learning object community has worked for the past decade and more to provide the necessary infrastructure, standards, and specifications to facilitate such beneficial activity, but the take-up has been disappointingly small, particularly in University and Higher Education, which is the subject of this research.
0 	The problem has been that practitioners have not deposited their teaching resources, or have not made them openly available, in the quantity that would achieve critical mass for uptake.
0 	EdShare and the Language Box are two initiatives that have concentrated on the issue of facilitating and improving the practice of sharing, the former in an institutional setting and the latter in a subject community of practice.
0 	This paper describes and analyzes the motivations for these projects, the design decisions they took in implementing their repositories, the approaches they took to change agency and practice within their communities, and the changes, in practice, that have so far been observed.
0 	The contribution of this paper is an improved understanding of how to encourage educational communities to share.


###320
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.
#### Bridging the Bandwidth Gap: Open Educational Resources and the Digital Divide
0 	This paper presents an overview of Digital Divide issues associated with the global disparity in availability and cost of bandwidth.
0 	We give examples and discuss the relevance of this to global use of Open Educational Resources.
0 	Strategies for mitigating low-bandwidth challenges are discussed.


###321
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.
#### Information Architecture and Design Solutions Scaffolding Authoring of Open Educational Resources
0 	This paper presents the open learning object repository and collaborative authoring platform LeMill (http://lemill.net), which has over 7,500 members and over 8,500 reusable learning resources (situation in October 30th, 2009), all created by the community members.
0 	The design of LeMill has tackled numerous challenges that hinder the authoring and sharing of educational resources by communities of teachers.
0 	This paper describes the research-based design process that was used to solve these challenges.
0 	The information architecture of LeMill scaffolds authors toward collaboration and sharing.
0 	The licensing scheme encourages reusing and remixing of educational content.
0 	In order to make LeMill easy to learn and use we have avoided technical terminology and complicated metadata forms in the user interface.
0 	As an open community we have also tackled multicultural and multilingual issues.
0 	In this paper, we present the information architecture and design of LeMill, including the technical solutions.
0 	We believe that our design solutions will contribute to the goal of creating an open educational resource ecosystem.


###322
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.3
#### a Networking Virtual Web-Based Laboratory that Implements Virtualization and Virtual Network Computing Technologies
0 	In various ICT courses, it is necessary to establish a proper space where each learner has access to a set of network devices with which he/she can build and test networks with different structures and components.
0 	This will enable the learners to practice working on multiple devices as in the case of real world context, and freely apply modifications to the network structure to solve any issue that may arise with the current scenario.
0 	While on-campus facilities are designed to meet this criterion, current Web-based laboratories either have fixed network designs, or do not offer a number of real devices to work on.
0 	Taking a step forward toward building a Web-based laboratory, we used open source Virtualization and Virtual Network Computing technologies in NVLab, a system that offers the learners tools to draw, configure, test, and troubleshoot network designs using real Operating System instances running in the virtual mode on a host machine.
0 	The functionality of the system has been experimented by introducing a case study exercise to a group of remote learners as part of Computer Networks course.
0 	Evaluating the participants' advancement was done by comparing their answers to a level test prior and after completing the exercise.
0 	The evaluation showed that the learners achieved better results in the level test after completing the exercise and were able to use the system efficiently.


###323
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.3
#### Layered Architecture for Automatic Generation of Conflictive Animations in Programming Education
0 	Fundamental concepts of programming and data structures are usually taught with graphical tools such as simulations and animations.
0 	Conflictive animations have been proposed to improve students' understanding of programming concepts.
0 	In conflictive animations, errors are introduced in the animations to motivate students to constantly check their knowledge against what is being animated.
0 	We have implemented a framework in an animation tool that allows the automatic generation of conflictive animations of statements, expressions, and other programming constructs.
0 	The automatic generation is challenging due to the alternative paths execution can take and their side effects.
0 	The architecture of the tool consists of several layers that can alter the normal interpretation or visualization of the program.
0 	The framework and the tool have been evaluated by creating conflictive animations of two programming concepts-for-loops and inheritance-and by running a set of 27 examples taken from Java textbooks.
0 	Of these, over two thirds (19) required no modification or only minor changes to create the conflictive animations.
0 	The reasons that the remaining examples did not generate conflictive animations automatically were divided between the layered architecture used and the example program itself.


###324
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.4
#### Adapting the eBlock Platform for Middle School STEM Projects: Initial Platform Usability Testing
0 	The benefits of project-based learning environments are well documented; however, setting up and maintaining these environments can be challenging due to the high cost and expertise associated with these platforms.
0 	To alleviate some of these roadblocks, the existing eBlock platform which is composed of fixed function building blocks targeted to enable nonexperts users to easily build a variety of interactive electronic systems is expanded to incorporate newly defined integer-based building blocks to enable a wider range of project possibilities for middle school STEM projects.
0 	We discuss various interface possibilities, including initial usability experiments, and summarize our overall experiences and observations in working with local middles school students utilizing the eBlock platform.


###325
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.4
#### Recommendations in Online Discussion Forums for E-Learning Systems
0 	In this paper, we outline the importance of discussion fora for e-learning applications.
0 	Due to a weak structure or size of the discussion forum, recommendations are required in order to help learners finding relevant information within a forum.
0 	We present a generic personalization framework and evaluate the framework based on a recommender architecture for the e-learning focused discussion forum Comtella-D.
0 	In the evaluation, we examine different sources of user feedback and the required amount of user interaction to provide recommendations.
0 	The outcomes of the evaluation serve as source for a personalization rule, which selects the most appropriate recommendation strategy based on available user input data.
0 	We furthermore conclude that collaborative filtering techniques can be utilize successfully in small data sets, like e-learning related discussion fora.


###326
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.5
#### A Mobile Live Video Learning System for Large-Scale Learning—System Design and Evaluation
0 	In China, the number of university students has quadrupled in only six years.
0 	How can technology support the access to education of these and future students?
0 	In this paper, we describe the mobile live video learning system developed at the Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
0 	Motivated by the observation that in developing countries, mobile phones have a much higher penetration rate than laptop and desktop computers, we developed a mobile learning system that streams live lectures to the students' mobile devices.
0 	The lectures are held as usual in university, not requiring the costly preparation of especially authored mobile learning materials.
0 	The system takes care of compressing the video and audio data efficiently so that it can be live-streamed, while maintaining high visual quality of the slides.
0 	Due to the synchronous (live) nature of the system, students can interact with the teacher during the lecture, using a set of preprogrammed interactions that facilitate feedback with mobile devices with limited input facilities.
0 	Large-scale evaluations in two lectures with 1000 students each show that students find using the system beneficial.
0 	In sum, the mobile live video learning system offers a convenient and cost-effective way of making higher education accessible to large number of students.


###327
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.
#### New Metaphors from Old Practices—Mobile Learning to Revitalize Education in Developing Regions of the World
0 	By drawing on practices and metaphors familiar to children in the Indian school environment, we aim to develop mobile learning solutions that are grounded on the existing educational practices but have the potential of revitalizing the approach to learning technologies in a developing world context such as India.
0 	This paper outlines key findings of our user-centric research to the Indian educational setting, to come to conclusions about how we see mobile learning solutions playing a role in developing world countries such as India, where the focus is still on literacy and not learning.
0 	The study is multidimensional because it is aimed to provide inspiration for an empirically justified mobile learning product concept.
0 	Field observations and interviews revealed challenges associated with the current educational context in India.
0 	The school visits also led to identification of a design metaphor, namely the ^^Slate,¿ that is believed to provide the research team with an inspirational approach for the design of the eventual concept.
0 	A creative workshop was arranged with children, the purpose of which was to come up with design drivers for mobile learning solutions.


###328
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.3
#### m-Learning in the Education of Multimedia Technologists and Designers at the University Level: A User Requirements Study
0 	An extensive user requirements study was carried out to define the scope of functionality for the applications of m-learning with the potential to enhance the student performance and experience within the BSc Multimedia Technology and Design (MMTD) course at the School of Engineering and Design, Brunel University, United Kingdom.
0 	Based on participatory action research and user-centered design, the study involved 58 students attending the course at Level 2.
0 	All students participated in three sequential study sessions.
0 	The first session included a presentation of the concept of m-learning and a selection of related applications and underlying technologies.
0 	The second session consisted of 13 moderated semistructured focus groups.
0 	The groups were steered to specify their ideas as to how m-learning could best contribute to the MMTD course.
0 	In the third session, working in the same groups as in the second, the students were briefed to refine the ideas arising from the focus group discussions and ^^translate¿ them into the concept of the single m-learning application (one per group) that was seen as being potentially the most beneficial for the course.
0 	The 13 smart-phone-based m--learning applications that were thus generated were subsequently analyzed and their individual functions broken down and grouped into five main functionality themes.
0 	These themes, outlining the scope of functionality for m-learning in the context of education of multimedia technologists and designers at the university level, are: administration, presentation, feedback, motivation, and innovation.


###329
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.3
#### Geolearners: Location-Based Informal Learning with Mobile and Social Technologies
0 	This paper looks at how mobile and social technologies are influencing informal learning in the context of online community membership.
0 	The development of mobile technologies that use Global Positioning System (GPS) data to pinpoint geographical location together with the rapidly evolving Web 2.0 technologies supporting the creation and consumption of content suggest a potential for collaborative informal learning linked to location.
0 	The research described in this paper asks whether these technologies can provide an effective focus for community activities and, if so, whether this combination of location-awareness, mobile, and Web 2.0 technology results in the creation of novel informal learning opportunities.
0 	The community selected for study was the Geocaching community, a geographically dispersed group who use mobile and Web 2.0 technologies to link the virtual social spaces of the Internet with the physical spaces that surround them.


###330
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.4
#### Deploying a Wearable Computing Platform for Computing Education
0 	Many studies have attested to the efficacy of integrating innovative methods of teaching computing and engineering, especially for introductory students and at the K-12 level.
0 	As an example, robots have been successfully used to teach a wide range of subjects, from introductory programming to artificial intelligence.
0 	As a discipline, wearable computing is seen to be practical, yet futuristic and exciting, and it captures the attention and interest of people who might not otherwise be drawn to technology.
0 	Recent developments in this field have also raised the possibility of moving wearable computing construction within the reach of hobbyists and novices.
0 	However, there still exist substantial obstacles toward the adoption of wearable computing into education.
0 	This paper presents a framework with the objective of facilitating the integration of wearable computing into outreach and introductory computer science and engineering education.
0 	We also present a comprehensive evaluation of our platform, including a comparison with the current practice of sewing-based wearable computing.


###331
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2010.
#### To Flow and Not to Freeze: Applying Flow Experience to Mobile Learning
0 	A key design goal of mobile learning is that its built-in experiences are enjoyable and proactive, empowering the learner with the knowledge and ability to self-manage.
0 	This implies that the benefits and critical success factors of mobile learning activities should not simply be based only on learning performance, but also on learners' experiences so that we can assess the added qualities of these activities over and above rote knowledge acquisition.
0 	To empirically demonstrate this premise, we report on an assessment of flow experience in three different learning spaces, where learners explore a built environment as part of a simulated security guard training program.
0 	Our results seem to show that the true cost-benefit ratio of mobile learning may not be evident in measures of learning performance or rote knowledge acquisition alone, but that mobile learning activities could provide a better learning experience by providing the conditions for optimal flow experience.
0 	Further, in the spatial navigation tasks given in our experimental context, it can be seen that simple learning performance measures can be highly dependent on the learner's spatial capability, but this was not the case for flow experience measures.


###332
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.4
#### Mobile Learning in School Contexts: Can Teachers Alone Make It Happen?
0 	Evidence from a range of studies indicates the potential that mobile technologies have to support important aspects of learning.
0 	However, it is clear from a number of study findings offering evidence about implementation approaches that developing relevant uses of mobile technologies to support learning is not concerned just with appropriateness of learner techniques or pedagogical approaches, but also with developing wider cultural acceptance and involvement in the contexts in which learning is supported.
0 	This paper will present an argument that implementing activities involving mobile technologies that offer benefits to learning requires an adoption of approaches and factors at a wide systemic level.
0 	Learning activities using mobile technologies can (and should) occur within learning settings that constitute the foundation of a wide system, including both home and school (informal to formal) elements.
0 	An implementation framework is proposed that accommodates appropriate practices within this wide context.
0 	It highlights the need for cultural and political factors to be involved at earlier as well as later implementation stages if wide success is to be accomplished.


###333
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.4
#### and Use of Collaborative Remote Laboratories
0 	Three key issues should be addressed to enable universities to deliver engineers who have a solid documented laboratory experience enabling them to design goods and services complying with the requirements of a sustainable society.
0 	First, introduce learning objectives of engineering instructional laboratories in courses including laboratory components.
0 	Second, implement individual student assessment.
0 	Third, introduce free access to online experimental resources as a supplement to the equipment in traditional laboratories.
0 	Blekinge Institute of Technology (BTH) in Sweden and the University of South Australia (UniSA) have created online laboratory workbenches for electrical experiments that mimic traditional ones by combining virtual and physical reality.
0 	Online workbenches not only supplement traditional ones, but they can also be used for low-cost individual assessment.
0 	BTH has started a project disseminating the BTH workbench concept, The Virtual Instrument Systems in Reality (VISIR) Open Laboratory Platform, and invites other universities to set up replicas and participate in further development and standardization.
0 	Further, online workbenches offer additional learning possibilities.
0 	UniSA has started a project where students located in different countries can perform experiments together as a way to enhance the participants' intercultural competence.
0 	This paper discusses online laboratory workbenches and their role in an engineering education appropriate for a sustainable society.


###334
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.4
#### MIRACLE—Model for Integration of Remote Laboratories in Courses that Use Laboratory and e-Learning Systems
0 	Emersion of Websites that enable users to easily participate in creation of their content moved individuals on a scale rarely seen before.
0 	Web 2.0 transformed the passive reader into an active user and millions of users were drawn into a community previously reserved for professionals only.
0 	Users became able to experiment with data, collaborate with other users, and add value to a community of users.
0 	A similar revolution is needed in the electrical engineering education.
0 	In this field, courses offer a significant amount of theory and generally an unstimulating content to the students.
0 	Remote laboratories (RLs) could, however, make a difference.
0 	Instead of being passive collectors of the theory, students could become active builders of their own knowledge.
0 	At this point, the design of such a laboratory becomes important.
0 	Without a detailed user-oriented design, RL could have a counterproductive effect, generating frustration instead of motivation.
0 	A team of researchers used the QFD method to translate multidimensional and interdependent user requirements into the RL design model-MIRACLE.
0 	The MIRACLE model is based on survey results, instructional design, and good e-learning practice, and as such this model brings satisfaction, raises effectiveness and motivation, and makes electrical engineering courses appealing to students.


###335
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.3
#### Evolving Remote Laboratory Architectures to Leverage Emerging Internet Technologies
0 	There is growing research into, and development of, the use of the Internet to support remote access by students to physical laboratory infrastructure.
0 	These remote laboratories can, under appropriate circumstances, support or even replace traditional (proximal) laboratories, provide additional or improved access at reduced cost, and encourage interinstitutional sharing of expensive resources.
0 	Effective design of remote laboratories requires attention to the design of both the pedagogy and the technical infrastructure, as well as how these elements interact.
0 	In this paper, we consider the architectures of remote laboratories, the shortcomings of existing implementations, and we argue that emerging internet technologies can assist in overcoming these shortcomings.
0 	We also consider the opportunities which these technologies provide in moving beyond both existing remote laboratories and existing proximal laboratories, to create opportunities which were not previously possible.


###336
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.3
#### An Online RFID Laboratory Learning Environment
0 	Due to the increasing demand for RFID expertise and the existence of a knowledge gap between industry and academia in this domain, work has been stimulated to help spread understanding in this field and bridge the gap between theoretical examinations and industrial practices.
0 	Among the encouraged work, there is the Integrated Auto-ID Technology for Multidisciplinary Undergraduate Studies (I-ATMUS) project that involved developing an online learning environment for RFID technology with a remotely controllable laboratory system.
0 	Technological resources can now be accessed by learners through the Web technology to apply appropriate configurations to the system, conduct experiments using RFID technology, and perform statistical analysis on the acquired data.
0 	The developed educational tool was used by two sets of students, who showed improvements in their confidence, knowledge, and skills.


###337
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.4
#### Remote Labs for Industrial IC Testing
0 	This paper deals with the remote access to an Integrated Circuits (ICs) Automated Test Equipment (ATE) for both educational and engineering purposes.
0 	This experience was initiated in 1998 in the context of a French network (CNFM) in order to provide a distant control to industrial equipment to academic and industrial people.
0 	The actual shared resource is a Verigy V93K System-on-Chip (SoC) tester platform.
0 	The cost of such equipment is close to 1 million dollar, without taking into account the maintenance and attached human resources expenses to make it work properly daily.
0 	Although the sharing of such equipments seems to be obvious for education, the French experience is quite a unique example in the world.
0 	The paper introduces the context of industrial IC testing and justifies the introduction of labs in Electrical Engineering curricula.
0 	Practical information regarding IC testing and network setup for remote access are detailed, together with lab contents.


###338
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.4
#### A Distance Measurement Platform Dedicated to Electrical Engineering
0 	This paper presents the remote laboratory eLab, dedicated to electrical engineering education.
0 	eLab is a flexible measurement platform that permits to run more than 130 experiments in the fields of electronics and microelectronics.
0 	The instructor can choose or create different types of pedagogical scenarios, covering teaching requirements from undergraduate to graduate levels.
0 	Furthermore, eLab implementation and use do not require any commercial software.
0 	Its reliability has been proven during many practical classes in France and other countries.
0 	eLab is now a key component of the Bordeaux University e-Learning material in electrical engineering.
0 	In the field of analog integrated circuits design, eLab offers a unique measurement solution, which can be combined to traditional circuit simulation sessions.


###339
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.3
#### Hands-On Remote Labs: Collaborative Web Laboratories as a Case Study for IT Engineering Classes
0 	The development of a reusable collaborative software framework for the remote control of a large range of laboratory equipments is an interesting topic to teach information technologies in an engineering school.
0 	The design and implementation of this kind of framework, in fact, requires the ability to integrate skills about software engineering, computer networks, human-computer interaction, distributed architectures, and remote control of hardware devices (i.e., laboratory equipments).
0 	In the paper, we describe our experience in the development of a reusable framework for remote laboratories, which has been adopted as a case study in two different scenarios at our university.


###340
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.3
#### ReLOAD: Real Laboratories Operated at a Distance
0 	Remote laboratories are increasingly being developed to provide students with Web-based access to real laboratory experiments.
0 	The demonstrable advantages (e.g., increased accessibility) are tempered by concerns that remote access will be substituted for ^^hands-on¿ practical work, and reduce interaction between students.
0 	We argue that these concerns can be avoided if remote labs are used appropriately, as with any other pedagogical method.
0 	We review studies that have made direct comparisons between remote and hands-on labs, and analyze the important similarities and differences by considering the students' physical and psychological experiences.
0 	A case study is presented: ^^ReLOAD¿, which has been in operation since 2001 providing remote operation of dynamic experiments in Mechanical Engineering, featuring personalized experiments, immediate automated grading and feedback, and collaborative learning.
0 	We present results from online surveys and from focus groups of students' opinions and experiences with hands-on and remote labs.
0 	Drawing from this experience, the characteristic properties of remote-access labs are investigated from a pedagogical perspective.
0 	We find that many of the differences and similarities between the modalities are controllable factors, to greater or lesser extents, and provide examples of remote labs offering some valuable educational advantages which are not possible with traditional labs.


###341
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.4
#### Remote Laboratories Extending Access to Science and Engineering Curricular
0 	This paper draws on research, development, and deployment of remote laboratories undertaken by the authors since 2000.
0 	They jointly worked on the PEARL project (http://iet.open.ac.uk/pearl/) from 2000 to 2003 and have worked on further projects within their own institutions (the Open University, United Kingdom, and the University of Porto, Portugal, respectively) since then.
0 	The paper begins with a statement of the rationale for remote experiments, then offers a review of past work of the authors and highlights the key lessons for remote labs drawn from this.
0 	These lessons include (1) the importance of removing accessibility barriers, (2) the importance of a pedagogic strategy, (3) evaluation of pedagogic effectiveness, (4) the ease of automation or remote control, and (5) learning objectives and design decisions.
0 	The paper then discusses key topics including assessment issues, instructional design, pedagogical strategies, relations to industry, and cost benefits.
0 	A conclusion summarizes key points from the paper within a review of the current status of remote labs in education.


###342
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.1
#### Collaborative Online Activities for Acoustics Education and Psychoacoustic Data Collection
0 	Online collaborative game-based activities may offer a compelling tool for mathematics and science education, particularly for younger students in grades K-12.
0 	We have created two prototype activities that allow students to explore aspects of different sound and acoustics concepts: the ldquococktail party problemrdquo (sound source identification within mixtures) and the physics of musical instruments.
0 	These activities are also inspired by recent work using games to collect labeling data for difficult computational problems from players through a fun and engaging activity.
0 	Thus, in addition to their objectives as learning activities, our games facilitate the collection of data on the perception of audio and music, with a range of parameter variation that is difficult to achieve for large subject populations using traditional methods.
0 	Our activities have been incorporated into a pilot study with a middle school classroom to demonstrate the potential benefits of this platform.


###343
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.2
#### CoScribe: Integrating Paper and Digital Documents for Collaborative Knowledge Work
0 	This paper presents CoScribe, a concept and prototype system for the combined work with printed and digital documents, which supports a large variety of knowledge work settings.
0 	It integrates novel pen-and-paper-based interaction techniques that enable users to collaboratively annotate, link and tag both printed and digital documents.
0 	CoScribe provides for a very seamless integration of paper with the digital world, as the same digital pen and the same interactions can be used on paper and displays.
0 	As our second contribution, we present empirical results of three field studies on learning at universities.
0 	These motivated the design of CoScribe and were abstracted to a generic framework for the design of intuitive pen-and-paper user interfaces.
0 	The resulting interaction design comprising collaboration support and multiuser visualizations has been implemented and evaluated in user studies.
0 	The results indicate that CoScribe imposes only minimal overhead on traditional annotation processes and provides for a more efficient structuring and retrieval of documents.


###344
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.1
#### Authoring and Reengineering of IMS Learning Design Units of Learning
0 	Educational Modeling Languages (EMLs) are notations that allow instructors to formally describe educational processes, including teaching and learning interactions and activities.
0 	The description of a specific teaching process using an EML is called a learning design.
0 	EMLs, where IMS Learning Design (IMS LD) is becoming a ^^de facto^^ standard, address aspects such as the interoperability and reusability of teaching practices across learning management systems.
0 	However, the actual application of EMLs is being hindered by different problems such as the technical skills required to use typical EMLs and the difficulty of understanding and maintaining preexisting learning designs.
0 	Thus, to promote the adoption of EMLs, it is necessary to provide more user-friendly tools and methodologies to facilitate their assimilation and reduce the workload required to use them.
0 	In this paper, we present the e-LD system, which provides a graphical notation to design or redesign learning designs, an import-modification-export process to reengineer IMS LD learning designs, and a tool to generate and analyze dependencies between different IMS LD elements.


###345
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.2
#### Adaptive Learning with the LS-Plan System: A Field Evaluation
0 	LS-Plan is a framework for personalization and adaptation in e-learning.
0 	In such framework an Adaptation Engine plays a main role, managing the generation of personalized courses from suitable repositories of learning nodes and ensuring the maintenance of such courses, for continuous adaptation of the learning material proposed to the learner.
0 	Adaptation is meant, in this case, with respect to the knowledge possessed by the learner and her learning styles, both evaluated prior to the course and maintained while attending the course.
0 	Knowledge and Learning styles are the components of the student model managed by the framework.
0 	Both the static, precourse, and dynamic, in-course, generation of personalized learning paths are managed through an adaptation algorithm and performed by a planner, based on Linear Temporal Logic.
0 	A first Learning Objects Sequence is produced based on the initial learner's Cognitive State and Learning Styles, as assessed through prenavigation tests.
0 	During the student's navigation, and on the basis of learning assessments, the adaptation algorithm can output a new Learning Objects Sequence to respond to changes in the student model.
0 	We report here on an extensive experimental evaluation, performed by integrating LS-Plan in an educational hypermedia, the LecompS web application, and using it to produce and deliver several personalized courses in an educational environment dedicated to Italian Neorealist Cinema.
0 	The evaluation is performed by mainly following two standard procedures: the As a Whole and the Layered approaches.
0 	The results are encouraging both for the system on the whole and for the adaptive components.


###346
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.1
#### Building a General Purpose Pedagogical Agent in a Web-Based Multimedia Clinical Simulation System for Medical Education
0 	In medical education, pedagogical agents are widely used by computer learning systems to simulate tutors and/or mimic tutoring interactions, as well as offering just-in-time and adaptive feedback.
0 	Although the theoretical aspect of the pedagogical agents has been well-documented in literature, relatively fewer efforts have been made on how a pedagogical agent should be implemented in a real multimedia computerized simulation learning environment.
0 	In this paper, we propose a general purpose pedagogical agent architecture and implement it in the multimedia medical simulation Web-based learning system called health information network teaching system (HINTS) to further facilitate students' learning and thereby make the HINTS a more helpful educational tool.
0 	Our focus is the design of the general purpose pedagogical architecture and its implementation in a multimedia computerized simulation learning environment.
0 	A preliminary students' performance evaluation result is also reported.
0 	We analyzed how to evaluate the students' performance and how the hints were given by the pedagogical agent.
0 	The system has been installed in the National Cheng Kung University Medical Center, Tainan, Taiwan for trial purposes.
0 	Some experiments have been conducted and the results have shown that the pedagogical agent indeed help the students in their learning process.


###347
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.2
#### Quantitative Analysis of Learning Object Repositories
0 	This paper conducts the first detailed quantitative study of the process of publication of learning objects in repositories.
0 	This process has been often discussed theoretically, but never empirically evaluated.
0 	Several question related to basic characteristics of the publication process are raised at the beginning of the paper and answered through quantitative analysis.
0 	To provide a wide view of the publication process, this paper analyzes four types of repositories: Learning Object Repositories, Learning Object Referatories, Open Courseware Initiatives, and Learning Management Systems.
0 	For comparison, Institutional Repositories are also analyzed.
0 	Three repository characteristics are measured: size, growth, and contributor base.
0 	The main findings are that the amount of learning objects is distributed among repositories according to a power law, the repositories mostly grow linearly, and the amount of learning objects published by each contributor follows heavy-tailed distributions.
0 	The paper finally discusses the implications that this findings could have in the design and operation of Learning Object Repositories.


###348
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.1
#### Developing an Initial Open-Source Platform for the Higher Education Sector—A Case Study: Alhosn University
0 	The higher education community is concerned about the cost and performance of commercial software products.
0 	A common view is that existing proprietary options do not have the features required by instructors and students or allow for cost-effective customization.
0 	One way to address these problems in poorer countries, and hence improve their quality of education and access to knowledge, would be to consider the modern educational tools available with no license fees through open-source software.
0 	This paper presents an initial development of a complete open-source software platform called the Open University Project, which contains software that precisely fulfills user requirements in the higher education sector.
0 	The paper also highlights the financial advantages of introducing open-source software in developing countries and its positive impact on educational quality.


###349
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.2
#### An Experimental Assessment of the Use of Cognitive and Affective Factors in Adaptive Educational Hypermedia
0 	In order to assess the positive effect and validity of personalization on the basis of users' cognitive and emotional characteristics, this study presents three subsequent experiments.
0 	The first experiment explores the relationship of cognitive style and users' eye gaze behavior as to validate this specific psychological construct in the context of educational hypermedia.
0 	The second and third experiments present the effect of a set of human factors (cognitive style, visual working memory span, control/speed of processing, and anxiety) in an adaptive educational system.
0 	The eye tracking experiment demonstrated that eye gaze patterns are robustly related to cognitive style (n = 21), while matching the instructional style to users' characteristics was revealed to be statistically significant in optimizing users' performance ( n = 219), with the exception of control/speed of processing.
0 	Based on this empirical assessment, this paper argues that individual differences at this intrinsic level are important and adaptation on these parameters through personalization technologies may have a positive effect on learning performance.


###350
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.2
#### Introduction to the Special Issue on Real World Applications of Intelligent Tutoring Systems
0 	Intelligent tutoring systems (ITS) appeared during the 1970s, most driven by the success of knowledge-based systems and expert systems.
0 	ITS are able to instruct and train students and professionals without the intervention of human beings.
0 	ITS introduced a set of ideas, like the use of computational models of domains, allowing the possibility of reasoning and explaining domain problems automatically.
0 	Developments were made in trainees' models, instructional and pedagogical planning, and user interface.
0 	In the 1990s, with the Web boom, some ITS ideas were incorporated in new computer-aided instruction paradigms, like e-learning and distributed learning.
0 	However, there is a clear difference in the level of interactions and types of skills addressed by ITS and other e-learning systems.


###351
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.2
#### Scaling Up Programming by Demonstration for Intelligent Tutoring Systems Development: An Open-Access Web Site for Middle School Mathematics Learning
0 	Intelligent tutoring systems (ITSs), which provide step-by-step guidance to students in complex problem-solving activities, have been shown to enhance student learning in a range of domains.
0 	However, they tend to be difficult to build.
0 	Our project investigates whether the process of authoring an ITS can be simplified, while at the same time maintaining the characteristics that make ITS effective, and also maintaining the ability to support large-scale tutor development.
0 	Specifically, our project tests whether authoring tools based on programming-by-demonstration techniques (developed in prior research) can support the development of a large-scale, real-world tutor.
0 	We are creating an open-access Web site, called Mathtutor (http://webmathtutor.org), where middle school students can solve math problems with step-by-step guidance from ITS.
0 	The Mathtutor site fields example-tracing tutors, a novel type of ITS that are built ^^by demonstration,^^ without programming, using the cognitive tutor authoring tools (CTATs).
0 	The project's main contribution will be that it represents a stringent test of large-scale tutor authoring through programming by demonstration.
0 	A secondary contribution will be that it tests whether an open-access site (i.e., a site that is widely and freely available) with software tutors for math learning can attract and sustain user interest and learning on a large scale.


###352
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.1
#### Using Mixed-Effects Modeling to Analyze Different Grain-Sized Skill Models in an Intelligent Tutoring System
0 	Student modeling and cognitive diagnostic assessment are important issues that need to be addressed for the development and successful application of intelligent tutoring systems (ITS).
0 	ITS needs the construction of complex models to represent the skills that students are using and their knowledge states, and practitioners want cognitively diagnostic information at a finer grained level.
0 	Traditionally, most assessments treat all questions on the test as sampling a single underlying knowledge component.
0 	Can we have our cake and eat it, too?
0 	That is, can we have a good overall prediction of a high stakes test, while at the same time be able to tell teachers meaningful information about fine-grained knowledge components?
0 	In this paper, we introduce an online intelligent tutoring system that has been widely used.
0 	We then present some encouraging results about a fine-grained skill model with the system that is able to predict state test scores.
0 	This model allows the system track about 106 knowledge components for eighth grade math.
0 	In total, 921 eighth grade students were involved in the study.
0 	We show that our fine-grained model could improve prediction compared to other coarser grained models and an IRT-based model.
0 	We conclude that this intelligent tutoring system can be a good predictor of performance.


###353
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.1
#### Interactive Problem Solving Support in the Adaptive Educational Hypermedia System MATHEMA
0 	This paper describes the interactive problem solving support offered by our adaptive educational hypermedia system called MATHEMA.
0 	The general goal of the MATHEMA is the support of senior high school students or the beginners of higher education, through an interactive and constructivist environment, in learning physics (electromagnetism) individually and/or collaboratively, and to overcome their possible misconceptions and learning difficulties.
0 	Initially, a review of related work about the implemented AEHS/ITS and the didactic design principles of the MATHEMA are presented.
0 	Through the interactive problem solving, the system supports the students in solving electromagnetism problems, individually and/or collaboratively, by following an activity that is based on the experimentation with simulations, explorations, guided discovery, and collaboration didactic approaches.
0 	An experimental study with senior high school students showed that they improve their performances when following this activity.
0 	A questionnaire that we gave to the students to express their opinion about our system helped us to improve the quality of the courses.


###354
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.2
#### Supporting Computer Science Curriculum: Exploring and Learning Linked Lists with iList
0 	We developed two versions of a system, called iList, that helps students learn linked lists, an important topic in computer science curricula.
0 	The two versions of iList differ on the level of feedback they can provide to the students, specifically in the explanation of syntax and execution errors.
0 	The system has been fielded in multiple classrooms in two institutions.
0 	Our results indicate that iList is effective, is considered interesting and useful by the students, and its performance is getting closer to the performance of human tutors.
0 	Moreover, the system is being developed in the context of a study of human tutoring, which is guiding the evolution of iList with empirical evidence of effective tutoring.


###355
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.2
#### Increasing Parental Self-Efficacy in a Home-Tutoring Environment
0 	Research suggests that parents with high levels of self-efficacy tend to make positive decisions about active engagement in the child's education, while parents with weak self-efficacy are often associated with less parental involvement.
0 	Therefore, endowing intelligent tutoring systems with the ability to adapt the level of support provided for the parent based on their self-efficacy may be of great benefit.
0 	Such a system might provide high levels of support for parents with low self-efficacy, while providing lower levels of support for parents with high self-efficacy.
0 	This paper explores the effect of using such an adaptive system in the home-tutoring context and, in particular, reports on two complementary empirical studies.
0 	In the first study, a dynamic self-efficacy model, learned from runtime self-report data is used to provide adaptive support for the parent.
0 	In the second empirical study, the dynamic self-efficacy model was expanded to allow parents to request for further support outside what is deemed necessary based on their self-efficacy model.
0 	Both studies comprised a control group which received full support regardless of their self-efficacy throughout the entire experiment.
0 	Results indicate clear increases in parental self-efficacy as a result of the provision of adaptive support throughout the home-tutoring process.


###356
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.1
#### Training Control Centers' Operators in Incident Diagnosis and Power Restoration Using Intelligent Tutoring Systems
0 	The activity of control center operators is important to guarantee the effective performance of power systems.
0 	Operators' actions are crucial to deal with incidents, especially severe faults like blackouts.
0 	In this paper, we present an intelligent tutoring approach for training Portuguese control center operators in tasks like incident analysis and diagnosis, and service restoration of power systems.
0 	Intelligent tutoring system (ITS) approach is used in the training of the operators, having into account context awareness and the unobtrusive integration in the working environment.
0 	Several artificial intelligence techniques were criteriously used and combined together to obtain an effective intelligent tutoring environment, namely multiagent systems, neural networks, constraint-based modeling, intelligent planning, knowledge representation, expert systems, user modeling, and intelligent user interfaces.


###357
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.2
#### Rehearsing Naval Tactical Situations Using Simulated Teammates and an Automated Tutor
0 	This paper describes a deployed simulation-based intelligent tutoring system (ITS) for training of tactical action officers (TAOs).
0 	The TAO on board a Navy ship is responsible for the operation of the entire watch team manning the ship's command center.
0 	The ITS goal is to train the TAO in ldquocommand by negation,rdquo in which watchstanders perform their duties autonomously, while the TAO supervises, intervening in order to correct mistakes and rectify omissions.
0 	The ITS uses artificial intelligence (AI) techniques to provide Automated Role Players (ARPs) representing the watchstanders in the ship, and to provide a natural language interface to communicate with these automated teammates.
0 	An adaptive coaching strategy is used to provide coaching and feedback during an exercise.
0 	The paper presents a discussion of the ITS instructional design, its architecture, and the AI techniques it employs.


###358
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.2
#### The ASSISTment Builder: Supporting the Life Cycle of Tutoring System Content Creation
0 	Content creation is a large component of the cost of creating educational software.
0 	Estimates are that approximately 200 hours of development time are required for every hour of instruction.
0 	We present an authoring tool designed to reduce this cost as it helps to refine and maintain content.
0 	The ASSISTment Builder is a tool designed to effectively create, edit, test, and deploy tutor content.
0 	The Web-based interface simplifies the process of tutor construction to allow users with little or no programming experience to develop content.
0 	We show the effectiveness of our Builder at reducing the cost of content creation to 40 hours for every hour of instruction.
0 	We describe new features that work toward supporting the life cycle of ITS content creation through maintaining and improving content as it is being used by students.
0 	The variabilization feature allows the user to reuse tutoring content across similar problems.
0 	The Student Comments feature provides a way to maintain and improve content based on feedback from users.
0 	The Most Common Wrong Answer feature provides a way to refine remediation based on the users' answers.
0 	This paper describes our attempt to support the life cycle of content creation.


###359
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.
#### Creating a Corpus of Targeted Learning Resources with a Web-Based Open Authoring Tool
0 	Personalizing learning to studentspsila traits and interests requires diverse learning content.
0 	Previous studies have demonstrated the value of such materials in learning but a challenge remains in creating a corpus of content large enough to meet studentspsila varied interests and abilities.
0 	We present and evaluate a prototype Web-based tool for open authoring of learning materials.
0 	We conducted a study (an open web experiment) to evaluate whether specific student profiles presented in the toolpsilas interface increase the diversity of the contributions, and whether authors tailor their contributions to the features in the profiles.
0 	We report on the quality of materials produced, authorspsila facility in rating them, effects of author traits, and impact of the tailoring feature.
0 	Participants were professional teachers (math and non-math) and amateurs.
0 	Participants were randomly assigned to the tailoring tool or a simplified version without the tailoring feature.
0 	We find that while there are differences by teaching status, all three groups make contributions of worth.
0 	The tailoring feature leads contributors to tailor materials with greater potential to engage students.
0 	The experiment suggests that an open access Web-based tool is a feasible technology for developing a large corpus of materials for personalized learning.


###360
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.1
#### Evaluating Learning Style Personalization in Adaptive Systems: Quantitative Methods and Approaches
0 	It is a widely held assumption that learning style is a useful model for quantifying user characteristics for effective personalized learning.
0 	We set out to challenge this assumption by discussing the current state of the art, in relation to quantitative evaluations of such systems and also the methodologies that should be employed in such evaluations.
0 	We present two case studies that provide rigorous and quantitative evaluations of learning-style-adapted e-learning environments.
0 	We believe that the null results of both these studies indicate a limited usefulness in terms of learning styles for user modeling and suggest that alternative characteristics or techniques might provide a more beneficial experience to users.


###361
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.2
#### Supporting the Development of Mobile Adaptive Learning Environments: A Case Study
0 	In this paper, we describe a system to support the generation of adaptive mobile learning environments.
0 	In these environments, students and teachers can accomplish different types of individual and collaborative activities in different contexts.
0 	Activities are dynamically recommended to users depending on different criteria (user features, context, etc.
0 	), and workspaces to support the corresponding activity accomplishment are dynamically generated.
0 	In this article, we present the main characteristics of the mechanism that suggests the most suitable activities at each situation, the system in which this mechanism has been implemented, the authoring tool to facilitate the specification of context-based adaptive m-learning environments, and two environments generated following this approach will be presented.
0 	The outcomes of two case studies carried out with students of the first and second courses of ldquoComputer Engineeringrdquo at the ldquoUniversidad Autonoma de Madridrdquo are also presented.


###362
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.
#### Constraint-Based Validation of Adaptive e-Learning Courseware
0 	Personalised e-learning allows the course creator to create courseware that dynamically adapts to the needs of individual learners or learner groupings.
0 	This dynamic nature of adaptive courseware makes it difficult to evaluate what the delivery time courseware will be for the learner.
0 	The course creator may attempt to validate adaptive courseware through dummy runs, but cannot eliminate the risk of pedagogical problems due to adaptive courseware's inherent variability.
0 	Courseware validation checks that adaptive courseware conforms to a set of pedagogical and non-pedagogical requirements.
0 	Validation of adaptive courseware limits the risk of pedagogical problems at delivery time.
0 	In this paper, we present our approach to adaptive courseware validation using the Courseware Authoring Validation Information Architecture (CAVIAr).
0 	We outline how CAVIAr captures adaptive courseware authoring concerns and validates courseware using a constraint-based approach.
0 	We also describe how CAVIAr can be integrated with the state of the art in adaptive e-learning and evaluate our validation approach.


###363
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.1
#### Mood Recognition during Online Self-Assessment Tests
0 	Individual emotions play a crucial role during any learning interaction.
0 	Identifying a student's emotional state and providing personalized feedback, based on integrated pedagogical models, has been considered to be one of the main limits of traditional tools of e-learning.
0 	This paper presents an empirical study that illustrates how learner mood may be predicted during online self-assessment tests.
0 	Here a previous method of determining student mood has been refined based on the assumption that the influence on learner mood of questions already answered declines in relation to their distance from the current question.
0 	Moreover, this paper sets out to indicate that ldquoexponential logicrdquo may help produce more efficient models, if integrated adequately with affective modelling.
0 	The results show that these assumptions may prove useful to future research.


###364
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.
#### Toward Social Learning Environments
0 	We are teaching a new generation of students, cradled in technologies, communication and abundance of information.
0 	The implications are that we need to focus the design of learning technologies to support social learning in context.
0 	Instead of designing technologies that ldquoteachrdquo the learner, the new social learning technologies will perform three main roles: 1) support the learner in finding the right content (right for the context, for the particular learner, for the specific purpose of the learner, right pedagogically); 2) support learners to connect with the right people (again right for the context, learner, purpose, educational goal etc.
0 	), and 3) motivate/incentivize people to learn.
0 	In the pursuit of such environments, new areas of sciences become relevant as a source of methods and techniques: social psychology, economic/game theory, multi-agent systems.
0 	The paper illustrates how social learning technologies can be designed using some existing and emerging technologies: ontologies vs. social tagging, exploratory search, collaborative vs. self-managed social recommendations, trust and reputation mechanisms, mechanism design and social visualization.


###365
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.
#### Lifelong Learner Modeling for Lifelong Personalized Pervasive Learning
0 	Pervasive and ubiquitous computing have the potential to make huge changes in the ways that we will learn, throughout our lives.
0 	This paper presents a vision for the lifelong user model as a first class citizen, existing independently of any single application and controlled by the learner.
0 	The paper argues that this is a critical foundation for a vision of personalised lifelong learning as well as a form of augmented cognition that enables learners to supplement their own knowledge with readily accessible digital information based on documents that they have accessed or used.
0 	The paper presents work that provides foundations for this vision for a lifelong user model.
0 	First, it outlines technical issues and research into approaches for addressing them.
0 	Then it presents work on the interface between the learner and the lifelong user model because the human issues of control and privacy are so central.
0 	The final discussion and conclusions draw upon these to define a roadmap for future research in a selection of the key areas that will underpin this vision of the lifelong user model.


###366
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.
#### On the Role of Technical Standards for Learning Technologies
0 	This paper presents some of the lessons that we have learned during our involvement with the development of learning technology standards.
0 	We believe that the decision to develop a new standards is sometimes taken too quickly and that, when possible, existing generic standards should be profiled for the domain of learning.
0 	At this point in time, the development of tools, technologies and methodologies that fully exploit the affordances of existing standards is more relevant than the development of new standards.
0 	Moreover, we believe that the relationship between technical standardization and research is often misunderstood: the main role of standards for research is to enable a large-scale technological infrastructure that promotes innovation through its open nature.


###367
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.
#### Video Collaboratories for Research and Education: An Analysis of Collaboration Design Patterns
0 	Web-based video collaboration environments have transformative potential for video-enhanced education and for video-based research studies.
0 	We first describe DIVER, a platform designed to solve a set of core challenges we have identified in supporting video collaboratories.
0 	We then characterize five collaboration design patterns (CDPs) that emerged from numerous collaborative groups who appropriated DIVER for their video-based practices.
0 	Collaboration design patterns (CDPs) are ways of characterizing interaction patterns in the uses of collaboration technology.
0 	Finally we propose a three-dimensional design matrix for incorporating these observed patterns.
0 	This representation can serve heuristically in making design suggestions for supporting a broader constellation of user groups than those spanned by our observed CDPs.


###368
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.
#### Communication and Experiencing through Body and Emotion
0 	With new technologies such as body sensors, tangible interaction, haptics, interactive cloth, or small computing devices such as mobiles, we can move interaction from the desktop out into the world and onto our bodies.
0 	Likewise, with the boom of computer games, domestic digital technology use, and social communication tools, we have to consider designing for non-instrumental goals, beyond task completion.
0 	This has been picked up by human-computer interaction researchers in the so-called third wave of HCI.
0 	We suggest that learning technologies could use some of the results from the third wave of HCI, placing body and emotion more centrally into the communication and construction of knowledge.
0 	Designing for bodily interaction, emotional communication or aesthetics is not trivial.
0 	In design work, a designer can only set the stage for certain experience to happen, but in the end, it is the user who co-constructs the experience with or through the interaction.
0 	Based on our experiences of designing for bodily and emotional communication, we will posit three postulates that might be helpful in designing for involving interaction: leaving dasiasurfacespsila open for users to appropriate, building for users to recognise themselves socially, emotional or bodily through the interface, and avoiding reductionism.


###369
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.2
#### Browsing within Lecture Videos Based on the Chain Index of Speech Transcription
0 	The number of digital lecture video recordings has increased dramatically since recording technology became easier to use.
0 	The accessibility and ability to search within this large archive are limited and difficult.
0 	Additionally, detailed browsing in videos is not supported due to the lack of an explicit annotation.
0 	Manual annotation and segmentation is time-consuming and therefore useless.
0 	A promising approach is based on using the audio layer of a lecture recording to obtain information about the lecture's contents.
0 	In this paper we're going to present an indexing method for computer science courses based on their existing recorded videos.
0 	The transcriptions from a speech-recognition engine (SRE) are sufficient to create a chain index for detailed browsing inside a lecture video.
0 	The index structure and the evaluation of the supplied keywords are presented.
0 	The user interface for dynamic browsing of the e-learning contents concludes this paper.


###370
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.2
#### Group Scribbles to Support Knowledge Building in Jigsaw Method
0 	Jigsaw method empowers students to build their own knowledge through interactively communicating and discussing in group-based cooperation.
0 	However, when students return to their original group to share with teammates what they have learned in their expert groups, they may need to review the records of the previous discussion in order to integrate and share the key ideas arising from that discussion.
0 	Paper-and-pencil records often do not meet students' in-time need, thereby affecting the learning process.
0 	Group Scribbles (GS) is an activity tool that enables the collaborative generation, collection and aggregation of ideas through a shared space.
0 	The aim of this study is to deploy GS with Tablet PCs to facilitate 12 graduate school students doing cooperative learning by the jigsaw method and to examine how GS supports knowledge building and deeper understanding through interactive questioning, dialogue and continuous improvement of ideas.
0 	Results of this exploratory study suggest that GS-mediated cooperative learning jigsaw model could positively benefit students in their interaction and knowledge building processes.


###371
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.
#### Student Authentication for Oral Assessment in Distance Learning Programs
0 	The past decade has seen the proliferation of e-learning and distance learning programs across a wealth of discipline areas.
0 	In order to preserve maximum flexibility in outreach, student assessment based exclusively on remotely submitted work has become commonplace.
0 	However, there is also growing evidence that e-learning also provides increased opportunity for plagiarism, with obvious consequences for learning effectiveness.
0 	This paper reports on the development of a prototype student authentication system, designed for use with a graduate e-learning program.
0 	The proposed system can be used to authenticate telephone-based oral examination which can, in turn, be used to confirm a student's ability in relation to submitted assignments and online test results.
0 	The prototype low-cost system is shown to be sufficiently accurate to act as an effective deterrent against plagiarism.


###372
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2009.
#### Automatic Trap Detection: A Debugging Mechanism for Abnormal Specification in the IMS Sequencing Controls
0 	Adaptive learning is a challenge trend to distance education.
0 	In order to adapt diversified teaching in accordance with individual abilities, educators emphasize on constructing personalized courseware as an Internet-based application.
0 	To cope with the drawback of non-supervised blind spot on dynamic navigation of learners, the SCORM 2004 specification adds the concept of sequences into its content delivery.
0 	Sequencing rules describe how individual navigation is invoked, what learning objects are delivered during the navigation process, and the potential outputs of the process.
0 	However, there is a potential leak of using sequence specification.
0 	A sequencing trap results from improper sequence composition, which may block learning activities from a normal navigation.
0 	Although the problem can be manually checked with an ordinary SCORM presentation tool, non-systematic debugging can be an unsound solution and time consuming job, since complexity of courseware is usually proportional to the occurrences of traps.
0 	We point out the sequencing trap problem and its solution by using a fully automatic mechanism for trap detection.
0 	Petri net is used in the computation of sequencing traps.
0 	Contribution of this paper can be used as the first technique for automatic sequencing testing in the IMS Simple Sequence Specification and the SCORM 2004.


###373
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.2
#### ReST-Based Web Access to Learning Design Services
0 	The IMS learning design model defines how users are engaged in learning activities to use learning objects and learning services.
0 	Although these are similarly accessible from URLs in a learning design, they are essentially different in the form of accessing their features and operations from a learning activity user interface.
0 	This paper proposes a representational state transfer (ReST) architectural style of accessing a learning service and its constituent resources from a web-based environment.
0 	A methodology to guide the design of learning service access is also described.
0 	The method is applied to integrating operations of a generic wiki service in the client interface of a learning activity, and validated on actual wiki services providing ReST-based programming interfaces.


###374
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.1
#### Tablet PC Technology for the Enhancement of Synchronous Distributed Education
0 	In this paper, we describe how tablet PCs are being used at Georgia Tech Savannah (GTS) to improve student learning in a distributed classroom environment.
0 	The Tablet PC is an attractive technology for use in synchronous distributed learning environments because of its mobility, and its ability to not only serve as an effective note taking device but also as a high-resolution course content viewing device and a tool for interactive assessments.
0 	The research questions addressed here are: (1) ^^What impact does the Tablet PC have on student perceptions of their engagement in a distributed learning environment?^^ and (2) ^^Can the Tablet PC be used to improve student learning in a distributed learning environment?^^.
0 	In this project, the instructor and students were given a Tablet PC to use during the semester, and surveys were administered to evaluate student attitudes about the use of Tablet PC technology as a means of receiving, processing, and learning course material.
0 	The significance of this work is that it serves as a case study on the use of Tablet PCs as an effective technology for implementing established educational practices in distributed education environments.


###375
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.
#### An Integrated Virtual Environment for Active and Collaborative e-Learning in Theory of Computation
0 	Active and collaborative learning provides a powerful mechanism to enhance depth of learning, increase material retention, and get students involved with the material instead of passively listening to a lecture.
0 	In this paper, a research using web-based active and collaborative learning in the theory of computation and related fields is presented.
0 	The twofold contribution of this work is a novel use of existing technology to improve learning and a longitudinal quasi-experimental evaluation of its use in context.
0 	As a first contribution, we introduce an integrated environment that is designed to meet the active learning preferences of computer engineering learners, in addition to a support for collaborative learning.
0 	For the second contribution: several classroom experiments are carried out.
0 	The analysis of the experiments' outcomes and the students feed back show that our integrated environment is useful as a learning tool, in addition to enhancing learners' motivation to seek more knowledge and information on their own.


###376
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.1
#### The Scalable Adapter Design Pattern: Enabling Interoperability Between Educational Software Tools
0 	For many practical learning scenarios, the integrated use of more than one learning tool is educationally beneficial.
0 	In these cases, interoperability between learning tools - getting the pieces to talk to one another in a coherent, well-founded manner - is a crucial requirement that is often hard to achieve.
0 	This paper describes a re-usable software design that aims at the integration of independent learning tools into one collaborative learning scenario.
0 	We motivate the usefulness and expressiveness of combining several learning tools into one integrated learning experience.
0 	Based on this we sketch software design principles that integrate several existing components into a joint technical framework.
0 	The feasibility of the approach, which we name the ^^Scalable Adapter^^ design pattern, is shown with several implementation examples from different educational technology domains, including Intelligent Tutoring Systems and collaborative learning environments.


###377
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.
#### Detecting Self-Regulated Learning in Online Communities by Means of Interaction Analysis
0 	Interaction analysis is increasingly used to study learning dynamics within online communities.
0 	This paper aims to investigate whether interaction analysis can help understand the practice and development of self-regulated learning (SRL) in virtual learning communities (VLCs).
0 	To this end, a set of SRL indicators is proposed to spot clues of self-regulated events within students' messages.
0 	Such clues have been identified and classified according to Zimmerman's SRL model and some subsequent studies concerning SRL in technology enhanced learning environments (TELEs).
0 	They have been tested on the online component of a blended course for trainee teachers, by analyzing the messages exchanged by a group of learners in two modules of the course.
0 	The results of this analysis have been compared with those of a previous study carried out, with more traditional methods, on the same course.
0 	The similarity of the results obtained by the two approaches suggests that interaction analysis is an effective, though rather labor-intensive, methodology to study SRL in online learning communities.


###378
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.
#### What Do You Prefer? Using Preferences to Enhance Learning Technology
0 	While the growing number of learning resources increases the choice for learners on how, what and when to learn, it also makes it more and more difficult to find the learning resources that best match the learners' preferences and needs.
0 	The same applies to learning systems that aim to adapt or recommend suitable courses and learning resources according to a learner's wishes and requirements.
0 	Improved representations for a learner's preferences as well as improved search capabilities that take these preferences into account leverage these issues.
0 	In this paper, we propose an approach for selecting optimal learning resources based on preference-enabled queries.
0 	A preference-enabled query does not only allow for hard constraints (like 'return lectures about Mathematics') but also for soft constraints (such as 'I prefer a course on Monday, but Tuesday is also fine') and therefore allow for a more fine-grained representation of a learner's requirements, interests and wishes.
0 	We show how to exploit the representation of learner's wishes and interests with preferences and how to use preferences in order to find optimal learning resources.
0 	We present the personal preference search service~(PPSS), which offers significantly enhanced search capabilities for learning resources by taking the learner's detailed preferences into account.


###379
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.
#### Relevance Ranking Metrics for Learning Objects
0 	This paper develops the concept of relevance in the context of learning object search.
0 	It proposes a set of metrics to estimate the topical, personal and situational relevance dimensions.
0 	These metrics are derived mainly from usage and contextual information.
0 	An exploratory evaluation of the metrics shows that even the simplest ones provide statistically significant improvement in the ranking order over the most common algorithmic relevance metric.
0 	Moreover, the combination of the metrics through the RankNet learning sorts the result list 50% better than the base-line ranking.
0 	The paper also presents open questions in the field of learning object relevance ranking that deserve further attention.


###380
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.1
#### Building Domain Ontologies from Text for Educational Purposes
0 	This paper presents a semi-automatic framework that aims to produce domain concept maps from text and then to derive domain ontologies from these concept maps.
0 	This methodology particularly targets the e-learning and AIED (artificial intelligence in education) communities as they need such structures to sustain the production of e-learning resources tailored to learners' needs.
0 	This paper details the steps to transform textual resources, particularly textual learning objects (LOs), into domain concept maps and it explains how this abstract structure is transformed into a formal domain ontology.
0 	A methodology is also presented to evaluate the results of ontology learning.
0 	The paper shows how such structures (domain concept maps and formal ontologies) make it possible to bridge the gap between eLearning and intelligent tutoring systems by providing a common domain model.


###381
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.1
#### Evaluating Spatial Representations and Skills in a Simulator-Based Tutoring System
0 	Performing exercises in a simulation-based environment is a convenient and cost-effective way of learning spatial tasks.
0 	However, training systems that offer such environments lack models for the assessment of learner's spatial representations and skills, which would allow the automatic generation of customized training scenarios and assistance.
0 	Our proposal aims at filling this gap by extending a model for representing learner's cognitive processes in tutoring systems, based on findings from research on spatial cognition.
0 	This article describes how the model is applied to represent knowledge handled in complex and demanding tasks, namely, the manipulation of the robotic arm Canadarm2, and, more specifically, how a training system for Canadarm2 manipulation benefits from this model, both by its ability to assess spatial representations and skills and to generate customized assistance and exercises.


###382
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.
#### and Utilization of Lifecycle Information for Learning Resources
0 	Throughout their lifecycle, learning resources undergo a multitude of processes by being created, used, provided or re-used.
0 	However, in order to be reusable, a learning resource often has to be adapted for a new context of use.
0 	This in turn implies multiple re-authoring processes being performed on a learning resource.
0 	During each of these processes different types of information emerge.
0 	When retained, this information can be helpful for the retrieval, authoring, use or re-use of learning resources thereafter.
0 	In this paper, the lifecycle of learning resources along with the information generated herein is analyzed and a distributed architecture proposed that allows for the capture, processing, management and utilization of the information mentioned in a generic way.
0 	Three steps have been conducted to implement the proposed framework.
0 	First evaluation results are promising.


###383
#####doi: 10.1109/TLT.2008.1
#### Control Your eLearning Environment: Exploiting Policies in an Open Infrastructure for Lifelong Learning
0 	Nowadays, people are in need for continuous learning in order to keep up to date or to be upgraded in their job.
0 	An infrastructure for life-long learning requires continuous adaptation to learners' needs and must also provide flexible ways for students to use and personalize them.
0 	Controlling who can access a document, specifying when a student may be contacted for interactive instant messaging or periodical reminders in order to increase motivation for collaboration are just some examples of typical statements that may be specified by e.g., learners and learning management system administrators.
0 	This paper investigates how existing work in the area of policy representation and reasoning can be used in order to express these statements while at the same time obtaining the extra benefits policies provide (e.g., flexibility, dynamicity and interoperability).
0 	The paper analyzes existing policy languages and integrates one of them as part of a demonstration of its feasibility in providing more advanced and flexible eLearning environments.


