

# 16
### http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0504073v1
## Rendezvous Regions: A Scalable Architecture for Resource Discovery and Service Location in Large-Scale Mobile Networks

0	In large-scale wireless networks such as mobile ad hoc and sensor networks, efficient and robust service discovery and data-access mechanisms are both essential and challenging.
0 	Rendezvous-based mechanisms provide a valuable solution for provisioning a wide range of services.
1 	In this paper, we describe Rendezvous Regions (RRs) - a novel scalable rendezvous-based architecture for wireless networks.
0 	RR is a general architecture proposed for service location and bootstrapping in ad hoc networks, in addition to data-centric storage, configuration, and task assignment in sensor networks.
0 	In RR the network topology is divided into geographical regions, where each region is responsible for a set of keys representing the services or data of interest.
0 	Each key is mapped to a region based on a hash-table-like mapping scheme.
0 	A few elected nodes inside each region are responsible for maintaining the mapped information.
0 	The service or data provider stores the information in the corresponding region and the seekers retrieve it from there.
1 	We run extensive detailed simulations, and high-level simulations and analysis, to investigate the design space, and study the architecture in various environments including node mobility and failures.
1 	We evaluate it against other approaches to identify its merits and limitations.
2 	The results show high success rate and low overhead even with dynamics.
2 	RR scales to large number of nodes and is highly robust and efficient to node failures.
2 	It is also robust to node mobility and location inaccuracy with a significant advantage over point-based rendezvous mechanisms.


# 17
### http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0604017v3
## AS Relationships: Inference and Validation

0 	Research on performance, robustness, and evolution of the global Internet is fundamentally handicapped without accurate and thorough knowledge of the nature and structure of the contractual relationships between Autonomous Systems (ASs).
1 	In this work we introduce novel heuristics for inferring AS relationships.
1 	Our heuristics improve upon previous works in several technical aspects, which we outline in detail and demonstrate with several examples.
1 	Seeking to increase the value and reliability of our inference results, we then focus on validation of inferred AS relationships.
1 	We perform a survey with ASs' network administrators to collect information on the actual connectivity and policies of the surveyed ASs.
1 	Based on the survey results, we find that our new AS relationship inference techniques achieve high levels of accuracy: we correctly infer 96.5% customer to provider (c2p), 82.8% peer to peer (p2p), and 90.3% sibling to sibling (s2s) relationships.
1 	We then cross-compare the reported AS connectivity with the AS connectivity data contained in BGP tables.
1 	We find that BGP tables miss up to 86.2% of the true adjacencies of the surveyed ASs.
2 	The majority of the missing links are of the p2p type, which highlights the limitations of present measuring techniques to capture links of this type.
1 	Finally, to make our results easily accessible and practically useful for the community, we open an AS relationship repository where we archive, on a weekly basis, and make publicly available the complete Internet AS-level topology annotated with AS relationship information for every pair of AS neighbors.


# 18
### http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0609026v1
## Rarest First and Choke Algorithms Are Enough

0 	The performance of peer-to-peer file replication comes from its piece and peer selection strategies.
0 	Two such strategies have been introduced by the BitTorrent protocol: the rarest first and choke algorithms.
0 	Whereas it is commonly admitted that BitTorrent performs well, recent studies have proposed the replacement of the rarest first and choke algorithms in order to improve efficiency and fairness.
1 	In this paper, we use results from real experiments to advocate that the replacement of the rarest first and choke algorithms cannot be justified in the context of peer-to-peer file replication in the Internet.
1 	We instrumented a BitTorrent client and ran experiments on real torrents with different characteristics.
0 	Our experimental evaluation is peer oriented, instead of tracker oriented, which allows us to get detailed information on all exchanged messages and protocol events.
1 	We go beyond the mere observation of the good efficiency of both algorithms.
1 	We show that the rarest first algorithm guarantees close to ideal diversity of the pieces among peers.
2 	In particular, on our experiments, replacing the rarest first algorithm with source or network coding solutions cannot be justified.
1 	We also show that the choke algorithm in its latest version fosters reciprocation and is robust to free riders.
2 	In particular, the choke algorithm is fair and its replacement with a bit level tit-for-tat solution is not appropriate.
1 	Finally, we identify new areas of improvements for efficient peer-to-peer file replication protocols.


# 19
### http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0609069v1
## Coverage and Connectivity in Three-Dimensional Networks

0 	Most wireless terrestrial networks are designed based on the assumption that the nodes are deployed on a two-dimensional (2D) plane.
0 	However, this 2D assumption is not valid in underwater, atmospheric, or space communications.
0 	In fact, recent interest in underwater acoustic ad hoc and sensor networks hints at the need to understand how to design networks in 3D.
0 	Unfortunately, the design of 3D networks is surprisingly more difficult than the design of 2D networks.
0 	For example, proofs of Kelvin's conjecture and Kepler's conjecture required centuries of research to achieve breakthroughs, whereas their 2D counterparts are trivial to solve.
1 	In this paper, we consider the coverage and connectivity issues of 3D networks, where the goal is to find a node placement strategy with 100% sensing coverage of a 3D space, while minimizing the number of nodes required for surveillance.
2 	Our results indicate that the use of the Voronoi tessellation of 3D space to create truncated octahedral cells results in the best strategy.
2 	In this truncated octahedron placement strategy, the transmission range must be at least 1.7889 times the sensing range in order to maintain connectivity among nodes.
2 	If the transmission range is between 1.4142 and 1.7889 times the sensing range, then a hexagonal prism placement strategy or a rhombic dodecahedron placement strategy should be used.
2 	Although the required number of nodes in the hexagonal prism and the rhombic dodecahedron placement strategies is the same, this number is 43.25% higher than the number of nodes required by the truncated octahedron placement strategy.
1 	We verify by simulation that our placement strategies indeed guarantee ubiquitous coverage.
2 	We believe that our approach and our results presented in this paper could be used for extending the processes of 2D network design to 3D networks.


# 20
### http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0609086v1
## About the Capacity of Flat and Self-Organized Ad Hoc and Hybrid Networks

0 	Ad hoc networking specific challenges foster a strong research effort on efficient protocols design.
0 	Routing protocols based on a self-organized structure have been studied principally for the robustness and the scalability they provide.
0 	On the other hand, self-organization schemes may decrease the network capacity since they concentrate the traffic on privileged links.
0 	This paper presents four models for evaluating the capacity of a routing schemes on 802.11 like networks.
0 	Our approach consists in modeling the radio resource sharing principles of 802.11 like MAC protocols as a set of linear constraints.
1 	We have implemented two models of fairness.
0 	The first one assumes that nodes have a fair access to the channel, while the second one assumes that on the radio links.
1 	We then develop a pessimistic and an optimistic scenario of spatial re-utilization of the medium, yielding a lower bound and an upper bound on the network capacity for each fairness case.
0 	Our models are independent of the routing protocols and provide therefore a relevant framework for their comparison.
1 	We apply our models to a comparative analysis of the well-known shortest path base flat routing protocol OLSR against two main self-organized structure approaches, VSR, and Wu & Li's protocols.
2 	This study concludes on the relevance of self-organized approaches from the network capacity point of view.


# 21
### http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0609098v1
## Reducing the Makespan in Hierarchical Reliable Multicast Tree

0 	In hierarchical reliable multicast environment, makespan is the time that is required to fully and successfully transmit a packet from the sender to all receivers.
0 	Low makespan is vital for achieving high throughput with a TCP-like window based sending scheme.
0 	In hierarchical reliable multicast methods, the number of repair servers and their locations influence the makespan.
1 	In this paper we propose a new method to decide the locations of repair servers that can reduce the makespan in hierarchical reliable multicast networks.
0 	Our method has a formulation based on mixed integer programming to analyze the makespan minimization problem.
0 	A notable aspect of the formulation is that heterogeneous links and packet losses are taken into account in the formulation.
1 	Three different heuristics are presented to find the locations of repair servers in reasonable time in the formulation.
0 	Through simulations, three heuristics are carefully analyzed and compared on networks with different sizes.
1 	We also evaluate our proposals on PGM (Pragmatic General Multicast) reliable multicast protocol using ns-2 simulation.
2 	The results show that the our best heuristic is close to the lower bound by a factor of 2.3 in terms of makespan and by a factor of 5.5 in terms of the number of repair servers.


# 22
### http://arxiv.org/abs/0712.2083v1
## VoIP over Multiple IEEE 802.11 Wireless LANs

0 	Prior work indicates that 802.11 is extremely inefficient for VoIP transport.
0 	Only 12 and 60 VoIP sessions can be supported in an 802.11b and an 802.11g WLAN, respectively.
0 	This paper shows that the bad news does not stop there.
0 	When there are multiple WLANs in the vicinity of each other, the already-low VoIP capacity can be further eroded in a significant manner.
0 	For example, in a 5-by-5, 25-cell multi-WLAN network, the VoIP capacities for 802.11b and 802.11g are only 1.63 and 10.34 sessions per AP, respectively.
0 	This paper investigates several solutions to improve the VoIP capacity.
1 	Based on a conflict graph model, we propose a clique-analytical call-admission scheme, which increases the VoIP capacity by 52% and 37% in 802.11b and 802.11g respectively.
2 	If all the three orthogonal frequency channels available in 11b and 11g are used, the capacity can be nearly tripled by the call-admission scheme.
0 	This paper also proposes for the first time the use of coarse-grained time-division multiple access (CoTDMA) in conjunction with the basic 802.11 CSMA to eliminate the performance-degrading exposed-node and hidden-node problems.
2 	We find that CoTDMA can further increase the VoIP capacity in the multi-WLAN scenario by an additional 35%.


# 23
### http://arxiv.org/abs/0712.2274v1
## Distributed MAC Strategy for Exploiting Multi-user Diversity in Multi-rate IEEE 802.11 Wireless LANs

0 	Fast rate adaptation has been established as an effective way to improve the PHY-layer raw date rate of wireless networks.
0 	However, within the current IEEE 802.11 legacy, MAC-layer throughput is dominated by users with the lowest data rates, resulting in underutilization of bandwidth.
1 	In this paper, we propose and analyze a novel distributed MAC strategy, referred to as Rate-aware DCF (R-DCF), to leverage the potential of rate adaptation in IEEE 802.11 WLANs.
0 	The key feature of R-DCF is that by introducing different mini slots according to the instantaneous channel conditions, only contending stations with the highest data rate can access the channel.
0 	In this way, the R-DCF protocol not only exploits multi-user diversity in a fully distributed manner but also reduces the loss of throughput due to collisions.
1 	Through analysis, we develop an analytical model to derive the throughput of R-DCF in general multi-rate WLANs.
1 	Using the analytical model we investigate the performance of R-DCF protocol in various network settings with different rate adaptation strategies and channel variations.
1 	Based on the analysis, we further derive the maximal throughput achievable by R-DCF.
0 	For practical implementation, an offline adaptive backoff method is developed to achieve a close-to-optimal performance at low runtime complexity.
2 	The superiority of R-DCF is proven via extensive analyses and simulations.


# 24
### http://arxiv.org/abs/0807.1153v1
## CSI: A Paradigm for Behavior-oriented Delivery Services in Mobile Human Networks

0 	We propose behavior-oriented services as a new paradigm of communication in mobile human networks.
0 	Our study is motivated by the tight user-network coupling in future mobile societies.
0 	In such a paradigm, messages are sent to inferred behavioral profiles, instead of explicit IDs.
0 	Our paper provides a systematic framework in providing such services.
0 	First, user behavioral profiles are constructed based on traces collected from two large wireless networks, and their spatio-temporal stability is analyzed.
0 	The implicit relationship discovered between mobile users could be utilized to provide a service for message delivery and discovery in various network environments.
1 	As an example application, we provide a detailed design of such a service in challenged opportunistic network architecture, named CSI.
1 	We provide a fully distributed solution using behavioral profile space gradients and small world structures.
2 	Our analysis shows that user behavioral profiles are surprisingly stable, i.e., the similarity of the behavioral profile of a user to its future behavioral profile is above 0.8 for two days and 0.75 for one week, and remains above 0.6 for five weeks.
2 	The correlation coefficient of the similarity metrics between a user pair at different time instants is above 0.7 for four days, 0.62 for a week, and remains above 0.5 for two weeks.
2 	Leveraging such a stability in user behaviors, the CSI service achieves delivery rate very close to the delay-optimal strategy (above 94%), with minimal overhead (less than 84% of the optimal).
2 	We believe that this new paradigm will act as an enabler of multiple new services in mobile societies, and is potentially applicable in server-based, heterogeneous or infrastructure-less wireless environments.


# 25
### http://arxiv.org/abs/0812.4744v1
## On Wireless Link Scheduling and Flow Control

0 	This thesis focuses on link scheduling in wireless mesh networks by taking into account physical layer characteristics.
0 	The assumption made throughout is that a packet is received successfully only if the Signal to Interference and Noise Ratio (SINR) at the receiver exceeds the communication threshold.
0 	The thesis also discusses the complementary problem of flow control. 
1 	(1) We consider various problems on centralized link scheduling in Spatial Time Division Multiple Access (STDMA) wireless mesh networks.
1 	We motivate the use of spatial reuse as performance metric and provide an explicit characterization of spatial reuse.
1 	We propose link scheduling algorithms based on certain graph models (communication graph, SINR graph) of the network.
2 	Our algorithms achieve higher spatial reuse than that of existing algorithms, with only a slight increase in computational complexity. 
1 	(2) We investigate random access algorithms in wireless networks.
1 	We assume that the receiver is capable of power-based capture and propose a splitting algorithm that varies transmission powers of users on the basis of quaternary channel feedback.
1 	We model the algorithm dynamics by a Discrete Time Markov Chain and consequently show that its maximum stable throughput is 0.5518.
2 	Our algorithm achieves higher maximum stable throughput and significantly lower delay than the First Come First Serve (FCFS) splitting algorithm with uniform transmission power. 
1 	(3) We consider the problem of flow control in packet networks from an information-theoretic perspective.
1 	We derive the maximum entropy of a flow which conforms to traffic constraints imposed by a generalized token bucket regulator (GTBR), by taking into account the covert information present in randomness of packet lengths.


# 26
### http://arxiv.org/abs/0906.3038v1
## A measurement driven, 802.11 anti-jamming system

0 	Dense, unmanaged 802.11 deployments tempt saboteurs into launching jamming attacks by injecting malicious interference.
0 	Nowadays, jammers can be portable devices that transmit intermittently at low power in order to conserve energy.
1 	In this paper, we first conduct extensive experiments on an indoor 802.11 network to assess the ability of two physical layer functions, rate adaptation and power control, in mitigating jamming.
1 	In the presence of a jammer we find that: (a) the use of popular rate adaptation algorithms can significantly degrade network performance and, (b) appropriate tuning of the carrier sensing threshold allows a transmitter to send packets even when being jammed and enables a receiver capture the desired signal.
1 	Based on our findings, we build ARES, an Anti-jamming REinforcement System, which tunes the parameters of rate adaptation and power control to improve the performance in the presence of jammers.
0 	ARES ensures that operations under benign conditions are unaffected.
1 	To demonstrate the effectiveness and generality of ARES, we evaluate it in three wireless testbeds: (a) an 802.11n WLAN with MIMO nodes, (b) an 802.11a/g mesh network with mobile jammers and (c) an 802.11a WLAN.
2 	We observe that ARES improves the network throughput across all testbeds by up to 150%.


# 27
### http://arxiv.org/abs/0907.5489v2
## On Delay Constrained Multicast Capacity of Large-Scale Mobile Ad-Hoc Networks

0 	This paper studies the delay constrained multicast capacity of large scale mobile ad hoc networks (MANETs).
1 	We consider a MANET consists of $n_s$ multicast sessions.
0 	Each multicast session has one source and $p$ destinations.
0 	The wireless mobiles move according to a two-dimensional i.i.d. mobility model.
0 	Each source sends identical information to the $p$ destinations in its multicast session, and the information is required to be delivered to all the $p$ destinations within $D$ time-slots.
1 	Given the delay constraint $D,$ we first prove that the capacity per multicast session is $O(\min\{1, (\log p)(\log (n_sp)) \sqrt{\frac{D}{n_s}}\}).
0 	$ Given non-negative functions $f(n)$ and $g(n)$: $f(n)=O(g(n))$ means there exist positive constants $c$ and $m$ such that $f(n) \leq cg(n)$ for all $ n\geq m;$ $f(n)=\Omega(g(n))$ means there exist positive constants $c$ and $m$ such that $f(n)\geq cg(n)$ for all $n\geq m;$ $f(n)=\Theta(g(n))$ means that both $f(n)=\Omega(g(n))$ and $f(n)=O(g(n))$ hold; $f(n)=o(g(n))$ means that $\lim_{n\to \infty} f(n)/g(n)=0;$ and $f(n)=\omega(g(n))$ means that $\lim_{n\to \infty} g(n)/f(n)=0.
1 	$ We then propose a joint coding/scheduling algorithm achieving a throughput of $\Theta(\min\{1,\sqrt{\frac{D}{n_s}}\}).
2 	$ Our simulations show that the joint coding/scheduling algorithm achieves a throughput of the same order ($\Theta(\min\{1, \sqrt{\frac{D}{n_s}}\})$) under random walk model and random waypoint model.


# 28
### http://arxiv.org/abs/0908.0711v3
## Passive network tomography for erroneous networks: A network coding approach

0 	Passive network tomography uses end-to-end observations of network communication to characterize the network, for instance to estimate the network topology and to localize random or adversarial glitches.
0 	Under the setting of linear network coding this work provides a comprehensive study of passive network tomography in the presence of network (random or adversarial) glitches.
0 	To be concrete, this work is developed along two directions: 
0 	1.Tomographic upper and lower bounds (i.e., the most adverse conditions in each problem setting under which network tomography is possible, and corresponding schemes (computationally efficient, if possible) that achieve this performance) are presented for random linear network coding (RLNC).
1 	We consider RLNC designed with common randomness, i.e., the receiver knows the random code-books all nodes. 
1 	(To justify this, we show an upper bound for the problem of topology estimation in networks using RLNC without common randomness.)
1 	In this setting we present the first set of algorithms that characterize the network topology exactly.
2 	Our algorithm for topology estimation with random network errors has time complexity that is polynomial in network parameters.
1 	For the problem of network error localization given the topology information, we present the first computationally tractable algorithm to localize random errors, and prove it is computationally intractable to localize adversarial errors.
0 	2.New network coding schemes are designed that improve the tomographic performance of RLNC while maintaining the desirable low-complexity, throughput-optimal, distributed linear network coding properties of RLNC.
1 	In particular, we design network codes based on Reed-Solomon codes so that a maximal number of adversarial errors can be localized in a computationally efficient manner even without the information of network topology.


# 29
### http://arxiv.org/abs/0911.3528v1
## Estimating Network Link Characteristics using Packet-Pair Dispersion: A Discrete Time Queueing Theoretic View

0 	Packet-dispersion based measurement tools insert pairs of probe packets with a known separation into the network for transmission over a unicast path or a multicast tree.
0 	Samples of the separation between the probe pairs at the destination(s) are observed.
0 	Heuristic techniques are then used by these tools to estimate the path characteristics from the observations.
1 	In this paper we present a queueing theoretic setting for packet-dispersion based probing.
1 	Analogous to network tomography, we develop techniques to estimate the parameters of the arrival process to the individual links from the samples of the output separations, i.e., from the end-to-end measurements.
0 	The links are modeled as independent discrete time queues with i.i.d. arrivals.
1 	We first obtain an algorithm to obtain the (joint) distribution of the separation between the probes at the destination(s) for a given distribution of the spacing at the input.
0 	The parameter estimates of the arrival process are obtained as the minimizer of a cost function between the empirical and calculated distributions.
1 	We also carry out extensive simulations and numerical experiments to study the performance of the estimation algorithm under the fairly `harsh' conditions of non stationarity of the arrival process.
2 	We find that the estimations work fairly well for two queues in series and for multicast.


# 30
### http://arxiv.org/abs/0911.4357v1
## Splitting Algorithms for Fast Relay Selection: Generalizations, Analysis, and a Unified View

0 	Relay selection for cooperative communications promises significant performance improvements, and is, therefore, attracting considerable attention.
0 	While several criteria have been proposed for selecting one or more relays, distributed mechanisms that perform the selection have received relatively less attention.
1 	In this paper, we develop a novel, yet simple, asymptotic analysis of a splitting-based multiple access selection algorithm to find the single best relay.
0 	The analysis leads to simpler and alternate expressions for the average number of slots required to find the best user.
0 	By introducing a new `contention load' parameter, the analysis shows that the parameter settings used in the existing literature can be improved upon.
0 	New and simple bounds are also derived.
1 	Furthermore, we propose a new algorithm that addresses the general problem of selecting the best $Q \ge 1$ relays, and analyze and optimize it.
2 	Even for a large number of relays, the algorithm selects the best two relays within 4.406 slots and the best three within 6.491 slots, on average.
1 	We also propose a new and simple scheme for the practically relevant case of discrete metrics.
2 	Altogether, our results develop a unifying perspective about the general problem of distributed selection in cooperative systems and several other multi-node systems.


# 31
### http://arxiv.org/abs/0912.4115v2
## On Channel-Discontinuity-Constraint Routing in Wireless Networks

0	Multi-channel wireless networks are increasingly being employed as infrastructure networks, e.g. in metro areas.
0 	Nodes in these networks frequently employ directional antennas to improve spatial throughput.
0 	In such networks, given a source and destination, it is of interest to compute an optimal path and channel assignment on every link in the path such that the path bandwidth is the same as that of the link bandwidth and such a path satisfies the constraint that no two consecutive links on the path are assigned the same channel, referred to as "Channel Discontinuity Constraint" (CDC).
0 	CDC-paths are also quite useful for TDMA system, where preferably every consecutive links along a path are assigned different time slots.
0 	This paper contains several contributions.
1 	We first present an $O(N^{2})$ distributed algorithm for discovering the shortest CDC-path between given source and destination.
2	This improves the running time of the $O(N^{3})$ centralized algorithm of Ahuja et al. for finding the minimum-weight CDC-path.
1 	Our second result is a generalized $t$-spanner for CDC-path; For any $\theta>0$ we show how to construct a sub-network containing only $O(\frac{N}{\theta})$ edges, such that that length of shortest CDC-paths between arbitrary sources and destinations increases by only a factor of at most $(1-2\sin{\tfrac{\theta}{2}})^{-2}$.
1 	We propose a novel algorithm to compute the spanner in a distributed manner using only $O(n\log{n})$ messages.
2 	An important conclusion of this scheme is in the case of directional antennas are used.
2	In this case, it is enough to consider only the two closest nodes in each cone.


# 32
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1003.1479v1
## Analysis, Modification, and Implementation (AMI) of Scheduling Algorithm for the IEEE 802.116e (Mobile WiMAX)

0 	Mobile WiMAX (Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access) is being touted as the most promising and potential broadband wireless technology.
0 	And the popularity rate has been surging to newer heights as the knowledge-backed service era unfolds steadily.
0	Especially Mobile WiMAX is being projected as a real and strategic boon for developing counties such as India due to its wireless coverage acreage is phenomenally high.
0	Mobile WiMAX has spurred tremendous interest from operators seeking to deploy high-performance yet cost-effective broadband wireless networks.
1	The IEEE 802.16e standard based Mobile WiMAX system will be investigated for the purpose of Quality of Service provisioning.
1	As a technical challenge, radio resource management will be primarily considered and main is the costly spectrum and the increasingly more demanding applications with ever growing number of subscribers.
0 	It is necessary to provide Quality of Service (QoS) guaranteed with different characteristics.
1 	As a possible solution the scheduling algorithms will be taken into main consideration and the present well known algorithms will be described.
2 	In this paper, we have highlighted the following critical issues for Mobile WiMAX technologies.
2 	This paper specifically discussed about the below mentioned in detail. -
2 	QoS Requirements For IEEE 802.16 Service Classes, Achieving efficient radio resource management. -
2	Deficit Round Robin (DRR) Scheduling algorithm. -
2	Modified Deficit Round Robin (MDRR) scheduling algorithm's attributes, properties and architecture.
2	System Model And Scenarios Using OPNET Modeler Software. -
2 	Simulation Limitations And Constraints.


# 33
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1003.3568v1
## Key distribution in PKC through Quantas

0 	Cryptography literally means "The art & science of secret writing & sending a message between two parties in such a way that its contents cannot be understood by someone other than the intended recipient".
0 	and Quantum word is related with "Light".
0	Thus, Quantum Cryptography is a way of descripting any information in the form of quantum particles.
0	There are no classical cryptographic systems which are perfectly secure.
0 	In contrast to Classical cryptography which depends upon Mathematics, Quantum Cryptography utilizes the concepts of Quantum Physics which provides us the security against the cleverest marauders of the present age.
0	In the view of increasing need of Network and Information Security, we do require methods to overcome the Molecular Computing technologies (A future technology) and other techniques of the various codebrakers.
0 	Both the parts i.e. Quantum Key distribution and Information transference from Sender to Receiver are much efficient and secure.
0 	It is based upon BB84 protocol.
0	It can be of great use for Govt agencies such as Banks, Insurance, Brokerages firms, financial institutions, e-commerce and most important is the Defense & security of any country.
0 	It is a Cryptographic communication system in which the original users can detect unauthorized eavesdropper and in addition it gives a guarantee of no eavesdropping.
2	It proves to be the ultra secure mode of communication b/w two intended parties.


# 34
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1003.5104v1
## Resilient networking in wireless sensor networks

0	This report deals with security in wireless sensor networks (WSNs), especially in network layer.
0	Multiple secure routing protocols have been proposed in the literature.
0 	However, they often use the cryptography to secure routing functionalities.
0 	The cryptography alone is not enough to defend against multiple attacks due to the node compromise.
0	Therefore, we need more algorithmic solutions.
0	In this report, we focus on the behavior of routing protocols to determine which properties make them more resilient to attacks.
0 	Our aim is to find some answers to the following questions.
0 	Are there any existing protocols, not designed initially for security, but which already contain some inherently resilient properties against attacks under which some portion of the network nodes is compromised?
0 	If yes, which specific behaviors are making these protocols more resilient?
1 	We propose in this report an overview of security strategies for WSNs in general, including existing attacks and defensive measures.
2	In this report we focus at the network layer in particular, and an analysis of the behavior of four particular routing protocols is provided to determine their inherent resiliency to insider attacks.
2 	The protocols considered are: Dynamic Source Routing (DSR), Gradient-Based Routing (GBR), Greedy Forwarding (GF) and Random Walk Routing (RWR).


# 35
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1003.5432v1
## Computer Network Topology Design in Limelight of Pascal Graph Property

0 	Constantly growing demands of high productivity and security of computer systems and computer networks call the interest of specialists in the environment of construction of optimum topologies of computer mediums.
0	In earliest phases of design, the study of the topological influence of the processes that happen in computer systems and computer networks allows to obtain useful information which possesses a significant value in the subsequent design.
0	It has always been tried to represent the different computer network topologies using appropriate graph models.
0 	Graphs have huge contributions towards the performance improvement factor of a network.
0 	Some major contributors are de-Bruijn, Hypercube, Mesh and Pascal.
0	They had been studied a lot and different new features were always a part of research outcome.
0 	As per the definition of interconnection network it is equivalent that a suitable graph can represent the physical and logical layout very efficiently.
1 	In this present study Pascal graph is researched again and a new characteristics has been discovered.
0	From the perspective of network topologies Pascal graph and its properties were first studied more than two decades back.
0	Since then, a numerous graph models have emerged with potentials to be used as network topologies.
2	This new property is guaranteed to make an everlasting mark towards the reliability of this graph to be used as a substantial contributor as a computer network topology.
2	This shows its credentials over so many other topologies.
2	This study reviews the characteristics of the Pascal graph and the new property is established using appropriate algorithm and the results.


# 36
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.0596v1
## Effect of Inter Packet Delay in performance analysis of coexistence heterogeneous Wireless Packet Networks

0 	As the explosive growth of the ISM band usage continues, there are many scenarios where different systems operate in the same place at the same time.
0	One of growing concerns is the coexistence of heterogeneous wireless network systems.
0	For the successful deployment of mission-critical systems such as wireless sensor networks, it is required to provide a solution for the coexistence.
1	In this paper, we propose a new scheme using inter packet delay for the coexistence of IEEE 802.15.4 LRWPAN and IEEE 802.11b WLAN.
1 	To evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme, measurement and simulation study are conducted using Qualnet 4.5 simulation software.
2 	The simulation results show that the proposed scheme is effective in performance improvement for coexistence network of IEEE 802.15.4 for various topologies.


# 37
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.1678v1
## Node Sensing & Dynamic Discovering Routes for Wireless Sensor Networks

0	The applications of Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN) contain a wide variety of scenarios.
0	In most of them, the network is composed of a significant number of nodes deployed in an extensive area in which not all nodes are directly connected.
0 	Then, the data exchange is supported by multihop communications.
0 	Routing protocols are in charge of discovering and maintaining the routes in the network.
0 	However, the correctness of a particular routing protocol mainly depends on the capabilities of the nodes and on the application requirements.
1 	This paper presents a dynamic discover routing method for communication between sensor nodes and a base station in WSN.
1 	This method tolerates failures of arbitrary individual nodes in the network (node failure) or a small part of the network (area failure).
1 	Each node in the network does only local routing preservation, needs to record only its neighbor nodes' information, and incurs no extra routing overhead during failure free periods.
1 	It dynamically discovers new routes when an intermediate node or a small part of the network in the path from a sensor node to a base station fails.
1 	In our planned method, every node decides its path based only on local information, such as its parent node and neighbor nodes' routing information.
1 	So, it is possible to form a loop in the routing path.
1 	We believe that the loop problem in sensor network routing is not as serious as that in the Internet routing or traditional mobile ad-hoc routing.
1 	We are trying to find all possible loops and eliminate the loops as far as possible in WSN.


# 38
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.4465v1
## Mobile Zigbee Sensor Networks

0 	OPNET Modeler accelerates network R&D and improves product quality through high-fidelity modeling and scalable simulation.
0	It provides a virtual environment for designing protocols and devices, and for testing and demonstrating designs in realistic scenarios prior to production.
1	OPNET Modeler supports 802.15.4 standard and has been used to make a model of PAN.
1	Iterations have been performed by changing the Power of the transmitter and the throughput will has been analyzed to arrive at optimal values.
1	An energy-efficient wireless home network based on IEEE 802.15.4, a novel architecture has been proposed.
1 	In this architecture, all nodes are classified into stationary nodes and mobile nodes according to the functionality of each node.
0	Mobile nodes are usually battery-powered, and therefore need low-power operation.
1	In order to improve power consumption of mobile nodes, effective handover sequence based on MAC broadcast and transmission power control based on LQ (link quality) are employed.
2	Experimental results demonstrate that by using the proposed architecture, communication time and power consumption of mobile nodes can be reduced by 1.2 seconds and 42.8%, respectively.


# 39
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.4759v1
## Indoor Positioning with Radio Location Fingerprinting

0 	An increasingly important requirement for many novel applications is sensing the positions of people, equipment, etc.
0	GPS technology has proven itself as a successfull technology for positioning in outdoor environments but indoor no technology has yet gained a similar wide-scale adoption.
0 	A promising indoor positioning technique is radio-based location fingerprinting, having the major advantage of exploiting already existing radio infrastructures, like IEEE 802.11, which avoids extra deployment costs and effort.
0 	The research goal of this thesis is to address the limitations of current indoor location fingerprinting systems.
0 	In particular the aim is to advance location fingerprinting techniques for the challenges of handling heterogeneous clients, scalability to many clients, and interference between communication and positioning.
2 	The wireless clients used for location fingerprinting are heterogeneous even when only considering clients for the same technology.
2	Heterogeneity is a challenge for location fingerprinting because it severely decreases the precision of location fingerprinting.
2 	To support many clients location fingerprinting has to address how to scale estimate calculation, measurement distribution, and distribution of position estimates.
2 	This is a challenge because of the number of calculations involved and the frequency of measurements and position updates.
2 	Positioning using location fingerprinting requires the measurement of, for instance, signal strength for nearby base stations.
2 	However, many wireless communication technologies block communication while collecting such measurements.
2	This interference is a challenge because it is not desirable that positioning disables communication.
0	An additional goal is to improve the conceptual foundation of location fingerprinting.
0 	A better foundation will aid researchers to better survey and design location fingerprinting systems.


# 40
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.4821v1
## Optimum Design of a 4x4 Planar Butler Matrix Array for WLAN Application

0 	In recent years, high-speed wireless communication is in vogue.
0 	In wireless communication systems, multipath fading, delay and interference occurres by reflection or diffraction.
0 	In a high-speed wireless communication, it becomes a necessary to separate desired signal from delay or interference signal.
0	Thus to overcome these problems Smart antenna systems have been developed.
0	Basically there are two types of smart antenna systems, one is Switched beam system and another Adaptive array system.
0	This paper presents the optimum design of a 4x4 plannar Butler matrix array as a key component of a switched beam smart antenna system, operating at 5.2 GHz for WLAN with a dielectric substrate, FR4 of er =4.9 and h=1.6mm.
0 	Conception details, simulation results and measurements are also given for the components (microstrip antenna, hybrid couplers, cross-coupler, phase shifter) used to implement the matrix.
1	In this dissertation, mathematical calculations for all the components using MATLAB is done and then every individual component is designed using the commercial software SONNET.
1 	Then these entire components have been combined on a single substrate and simulated using SONNET.


# 41
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1005.0952v1
## Effective Bandwidth Utilization in IEEE802.11 for VOIP

0	Voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) is one of the most important applications for the IEEE 802.11 wireless local area networks (WLANs).
0	For network planners who are deploying VoIP over WLANs, one of the important issues is the VoIP capacity.
0 	VoIP bandwidth consumption over a WAN is one of the most important factors to consider when building a VoIP infrastructure.
0	Failure to account for VoIP bandwidth requirements will severely limit the reliability of a VoIP system and place a huge burden on the WAN infrastructure.
0 	Less bandwidth utilization is the key reasons for reduced number of channel accesses in VOIP.
0 	But in the QoS point of view the free bandwidth of atleast 1-5% will improve the voice quality.
1	This proposal utilizes the maximum bandwidth by leaving 1-5% free bandwidth.
1	A Bandwidth Data rate Moderation (BDM) algorithm has been proposed which correlates the data rate specified in IEEE802.11b with the free bandwidth.
1 	At each time BDM will calculate the bandwidth utilization before sending the packet to improve performance and voice quality of VoIP.
1	The bandwidth calculation in BDM can be done by using Erlang and VOIP bandwidth calculator.
2	Finally, ns2 experimental study shows the relationship between bandwidth utilization, free bandwidth and data rate.
2	The paper concludes that marginal VoIP call rate has been increased by BDM algorithm.


# 42
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1005.4268v1
## An Adaptive Power Efficient Packet Scheduling Algorithm for Wimax Networks

0 	Admission control schemes and scheduling algorithms are designed to offer QoS services in 802.16/802.16e networks and a number of studies have investigated these issues.
0 	But the channel condition and priority of traffic classes are very rarely considered in the existing scheduling algorithms.
0	Although a number of energy saving mechanisms have been proposed for the IEEE 802.16e, to minimize the power consumption of IEEE 802.16e mobile stations with multiple real-time connections has not yet been investigated.
0	Moreover, they mainly consider non real- time connections in IEEE 802.16e networks.
1 	In this paper, we propose to design an adaptive power efficient packet scheduling algorithm that provides a minimum fair allocation of the channel bandwidth for each packet flow and additionally minimizes the power consumption.
1 	In the adaptive scheduling algorithm, packets are transmitted as per allotted slots from different priority of traffic classes adaptively, depending on the channel condition.
1 	Suppose if the buffer size of the high priority traffic queues with bad channel condition exceeds a threshold, then the priority of those flows will be increased by adjusting the sleep duty cycle of existing low priority traffic, to prevent the starvation.
2 	By simulation results, we show that our proposed scheduler achieves better channel utilization while minimizing the delay and power consumption.


# 43
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1006.2048v1
## Stochastic Approximation Algorithm for Optimal Throughput Performance of Wireless LANs

0 	Throughput improvement of the Wireless LANs has been a constant area of research.
0 	Most of the work in this area, focuses on designing throughput optimal schemes for fully connected networks (no hidden nodes).
0	But, we demonstrate that the proposed schemes, though perform optimally in fully connected network, achieve significantly lesser throughput even than that of standard IEEE 802.11 in a network with hidden nodes.
0	This motivates the need for designing schemes that provide near optimal performance even when hidden nodes are present.
0	The primary reason for the failure of existing protocols in the presence of hidden nodes is that these protocols are based on the model developed by Bianchi.
0	However this model does not hold when hidden nodes exist.
0 	Moreover, analyzing networks with hidden nodes is still an open problem.
0	Thus, designing throughput optimal schemes in networks with hidden nodes is particularly challenging.
0 	The novelty of our approach is that it is not based on any underlying mathematical model, rather it directly tunes the control variables so as to maximize the throughput.
1	We demonstrate that this model independent approach achieves maximum throughput in networks with hidden terminals as well.
1 	Apart from this major contribution, we present stochastic approximation based algorithms for achieving weighted fairness in a connected networks.
1	We also present a throughput optimal exponential backoff based random access algorithm.
1	We demonstrate that the exponential backoff based scheme may outperform an optimal p-persistent scheme in networks with hidden terminals.
2 	This demonstrates the merit of exponential backoff based random access schemes which was deemed unnecessary by results shown by Bianchi.


# 44
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1006.2552v1
## Similarity Analysis and Modeling in Mobile Societies: The Missing Link

0 	A new generation of "behavior-aware" delay tolerant networks is emerging in what may define future mobile social networks.
0 	With the introduction of novel behavior-aware protocols, services and architectures, there is a pressing need to understand and realistically model mobile users behavioral characteristics, their similarity and clustering.
0	Such models are essential for the analysis, performance evaluation, and simulation of future DTNs.
0 	This paper addresses issues related to mobile user similarity, its definition, analysis and modeling.
1	To define similarity, we adopt a behavioral-profile based on users location preferences using their on-line association matrix and its SVD, then calculate the behavioral distance to capture user similarity.
2	This measures the difference of the major spatio-temporal behavioral trends and can be used to cluster users into similarity groups or communities.
1	We then analyze and contrast similarity distributions of mobile user populations in two settings: (i) based on real measurements from four major campuses with over ten thousand users for a month, and (ii) based on existing mobility models, including random direction and time-varying community models.
2	Our results show a rich set of similar communities in real mobile societies with distinct behavioral clusters of users.
2	This is true for all the traces studied, with the trend being consistent over time.
2	Surprisingly, however, we find that the existing mobility models do not explicitly capture similarity and result in homogeneous users that are all similar to each other.
2 	Thus the richness and diversity of user behavioral patterns is not captured to any degree in the existing models.
2 	These findings strongly suggest that similarity should be explicitly captured in future mobility models, which motivates the need to re-visit mobility modeling in the future.


# 45
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1006.2684v1
## Enhancing the Authentication of Bank Cheque Signatures by Implementing Automated System Using Recurrent Neural Network

0 	The associatie memory feature of the Hopfield type recurrent neural network is used for the pattern storage and pattern authentication.
0	This paper outlines an optimization relaxation approach for signature verification based on the Hopfield neural network (HNN)which is a recurrent network.
1 	The standard sample signature of the customer is cross matched with the one supplied on the Cheque.
1 	The difference percentage is obtained by calculating the different pixels in both the images.
1 	The network topology is built so that each pixel in the difference image is a neuron in the network.
1	Each neuron is categorized by its states,which in turn signifies that if the particular pixel is changed.
2 	The network converges to unwavering condition based on the energy function which is derived in experiments.
0 	The Hopfield's model allows each node to take on two binary state values (changed/unchanged)for each pixel.
2	The performance of the proposed technique is evaluated by applying it in various binary and gray scale images.
2	This paper contributes in finding an automated scheme for verification of authentic signature on bank Cheques.
2 	The derived energy function allows a trade off between the influence of its neighborhood and its own criterion.
2 	This device is able to recall as well as complete partially specified inputs.
1	The network is trained via a storage prescription that forces stable states to correspond to (local)minima of a network "energy" function.



# 76
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.2167v1
## Design and Implementation of IEEE 802.15.4 Mac Protocol on FPGA

0 	The IEEE 802.15.4 is a wireless standard introduced for low power, low cost wireless communication with moderate data rates.
0 	In the next few years, it is expected that Low Rate Wireless Personal Area Networks (LR-WPAN) will be used in a wide variety of embedded applications, including home automation, industrial sensing and control, environmental monitoring and sensing.
1 	In these applications, numerous embedded devices running on batteries are distributed in an area communicating via wireless radios.
0 	This work presents a method which can be used for comparing current consumption of wireless data transfer embedded systems.
0 	This paper implements a small subset of the IEEE 802.15.4 protocol to achieve a point to point communication.
1 	The implemented protocol uses 802.15.4 MAC compliant data and acknowledgment packets.
1 	Current consumption is measured while doing one data packet transmission.
1 	Measurements are compared with existing work.
1 	IEEE 802.15.4 protocol implementation is done using Verilog language.
2 	Code implementation is done in such a manner so that it can be ported to any platform with minimal changes.
2 	It can also be modified to suit any special experimental setup requirements.


# 77
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.4841v1
## Achieving Congestion Diversity in Multi-hop Wireless Mesh Networks

0 	This paper reports on the first systematic study of congestion-aware routing algorithms for wireless mesh networks to achieve an improved end-end delay performance.
0 	In particular, we compare 802.11 compatible implementations of a set of congestion-aware routing protocols against our implementation of state of the art shortest path routing protocol (SRCR).
1 	We implement congestion-aware routing algorithms Backpressure (BP), Enhanced-Backpressure (E-BP) adapted from [1], [2] suitably adjusted for 802.11 implementation.
1 	We then propose and implement Congestion Diversity Protocol (CDP) adapted from [3] recognizing the limitations of BP and E-BP for 802.11-based wireless networks.
2 	SRCR solely utilizes link qualities, while BP relies on queue differential to route packets.
2	CDP and E-BP rely on distance metrics which take into account queue backlogs and link qualities in the network.
2 	E-BP computes its metric by summing the ETX and queue differential, while CDP determines its metric by calculating the least draining time to the destination.
2 	Our small testbed consisting of twelve 802.11g nodes enables us to empirically compare the performance of congestion-aware routing protocols (BP, E-BP and CDP) against benchmark SRCR.
2 	For medium to high load UDP traffic, we observe that CDP exhibits significant improvement with respect to both end-end delay and throughput over other protocols with no loss of performance for TCP traffic.
2 	Backpressure-based routing algorithms (BP and E-BP) show poorer performance for UDP and TCP traffic.
2 	Finally, we carefully study the effects of the modular approach to congestion-aware routing design in which the MAC layer is left intact


# 78
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.5874v2
## Optimizing Channel Access for Event-Driven Wireless Sensor Networks: Analysis and Enhancements

0 	We study the problem of medium access control in domain of event-driven wireless sensor networks (WSNs).
0 	In this kind of WSN, sensor nodes send data to sink node only when an event occurs in the monitoring area.
0 	The nodes in this kind of WSNs encounter correlated traffic as a subset of nodes start sending data by sensing a common event simultaneously.
0 	We wish to rethink of medium access control (MAC) for this type of traffic characteristics.
0 	For WSNs, many existing MAC protocols utilize the basic CSMA/CA strategy such as IEEE 802.11 Binary Exponential Backoff (BEB) algorithm to handle the collisions among packets when more than one node need to access the channel.
1 	We show that this BEB algorithm does not work well without incurring access delay or performance degradation due to increased number of collisions and retransmissions when nodes encounter correlated traffic.
1 	Based on above observations in mind, We present a Adaptive Random Backoff (ARB) algorithm that is capable of mitigating the impact of correlated traffic and capable of minimizing the chance of collisions.
2 	ARB is based on minor modifications of BEB.
2 	We show using numerical analysis that our proposals improve the channel access in terms of latency, throughput, and frame dropping probability as compared with IEEE 802.11 DCF.
2 	Simulations using NS-2 network simulator are conducted to validate the analytical results.


# 79
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.0163v3
## Optimizing TCP Performance in Multi-AP Residential Broadband Connections via Mini-Slot Access

0 	The high bandwidth demand of Internet applications has recently driven the need of increasing the residential download speed.
0 	A practical solution to the problem has been proposed aggregating the bandwidth of 802.11 Access Points (APs) backhauls in range via 802.11 connections.
0 	Since 802.11 devices are usually single-radio, the communication to multiple APs on different radio-channels requires the introduction of a time-division multiple access (TDMA) policy at the client station.
0 	Current investigation in this area supposes that there is a sufficient number of TCP flows to saturate the Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line (ADSL) behind the APs.
0 	However, this may be not guaranteed according to the user traffic pattern.
0 	As a consequence, a TDMA policy introduces additional delays in the end-to-end transmissions that will cause degradation of the TCP throughput and an under-utilization of the AP backhauls.
0 	In this paper, we first perform an in-depth experimental analysis with a customized 802.11 driver of how the usage of multi-AP TDMA affects the observed Round-Trip-Time (RTT) of TCP flows.
0 	Then, we introduce a simple analytical model that accurately predicts the TCP RTT when accessing the wireless medium with a Multi-AP TDMA policy.
1 	Based on this model, we propose a resource allocation algorithm that runs locally at the station and it greatly reduces the observed TCP RTT with a very low computational cost.
2 	Our proposed scheme can improve up to 1:5 times the aggregate throughput observed by the station compared to state-of-the-art multi-AP TDMA allocations.
2 	We also show that the throughput performance of the algorithm is very close to the theoretical upper-bound in key simulation scenarios.


# 80
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.4265v1
## Spot: An accurate and efficient multi-entity device-free WLAN localization system

0 	Device-free (DF) localization in WLANs has been introduced as a value-added service that allows tracking indoor entities that do not carry any devices.
0 	Previous work in DF WLAN localization focused on the tracking of a single entity due to the intractability of the multi-entity tracking problem whose complexity grows exponentially with the number of humans being tracked.
0 	In this paper, we introduce Spot as an accurate and efficient system for multi-entity DF detection and tracking.
0 	Spot is based on a probabilistic energy minimization framework that combines a conditional random field with a Markov model to capture the temporal and spatial relations between the entities' poses.
1 	A novel cross-calibration technique is introduced to reduce the calibration overhead of multiple entities to linear, regardless of the number of humans being tracked.
1 	This also helps in increasing the system accuracy.
1 	We design the energy minimization function with the goal of being efficiently solved in mind.
1 	We show that the designed function can be mapped to a binary graph-cut problem whose solution has a linear complexity on average and a third order polynomial in the worst case.
1 	We further employ clustering on the estimated location candidates to reduce outliers and obtain more accurate tracking.
2 	Experimental evaluation in two typical testbeds, with a side-by-side comparison with the state-of-the-art, shows that Spot can achieve a multi-entity tracking accuracy of less than 1.1m.
2 	This corresponds to at least 36% enhancement in median distance error over the state-of-the-art DF localization systems, which can only track a single entity.
2 	In addition, Spot can estimate the number of entities correctly to within one difference error.
2 	This highlights that Spot achieves its goals of having an accurate and efficient software-only DF tracking solution of multiple entities in indoor environments.


# 81
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.5298v4
## Building Blocks of Physical-layer Network Coding

0 	This paper investigates the fundamental building blocks of physical-layer network coding (PNC).
0 	Most prior work on PNC focused on its application in a simple two-way-relay channel (TWRC) consisting of three nodes only.
0 	Studies of the application of PNC in general networks are relatively few.
0 	This paper is an attempt to fill this gap.
0 	We put forth two ideas: 1) A general network can be decomposed into small building blocks of PNC, referred to as the PNC atoms, for scheduling of PNC transmissions. 2) We identify nine PNC atoms, with TWRC being one of them.
2 	Three major results are as follows.
2 	First, using the decomposition framework, the throughput performance of PNC is shown to be significantly better than those of the traditional multi-hop scheme and the conventional network coding scheme. For example, under heavy traffic volume, PNC can achieve 100% throughput gain relative to the traditional multi-hop scheme.
2 	Second, PNC decomposition based on a variety of different PNC atoms can yield much better performance than PNC decomposition based on the TWRC atom alone.
2 	Third, three out of the nine atoms are most important to good performance.
2 	Specifically, the decomposition based on these three atoms is good enough most of the time, and it is not necessary to use the other six atoms.


# 82
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.5736v1
## Differentiated QoS with Modified C/I Based Scheduling Algorithm

0 	Second-generation (2G) digital cellular systems constitute the majority of cellular communication deployed today.
0 	A variety of services of 2G systems has increased significantly and this will continue to grow even further in the emerging third-generation (3G) systems.
0 	Universal Mobile Telecommunication System (UMTS) is a third-generation mobile communications system which uses the Wide-Band Code Division Multiple Access (WCDMA) technique to support a wide variety of services, like speech, video telephony, Internet browsing, etc.
0 	These services require a wide range of Quality of Service (QoS) requirements.
0 	QoS is an important issue as the number of multimedia services increases day by day.
0 	Differentiated QoS methods allow the differentiation of users based on their priority levels and channel conditions so that the network can allocate the bandwidth for a particular request based on the QoS requirements.
0 	These requirements are controlled by Radio Resource Management (RRM) mechanisms.
0 	In this paper we have proposed two RRM algorithms which are modification to the existing scheduling algorithms.
0 	One is Prioritized C/I scheduling, which takes the priorities into consideration, and this algorithm serves the user with highest priority.
0 	Other algorithm is Modified Inverse C/I scheduling, which takes channel conditions into consideration and serves the users in degraded conditions, thereby improving QoS.
1 	The performance evaluation of two algorithms is done with EURANE extensions for NS-2.
2 	Simulation results shows the improvement in QoS for the users who are at equidistance from Base Station (BS) but requesting for different services by implementing Prioritized C/I scheduling and also for the users who are in degraded conditions by implementing Modified Inverse C/I scheduling when compared to Max C/I and Inverse C/I scheduling algorithm respectively.


# 83
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.0384v1
## Global Adaptive Routing Algorithm Without Additional Congestion Propagation Network

0 	Adaptive routing algorithm has been employed in multichip interconnection networks in order to improve network performance.
0 	Does a algorithm use local or global network state?
0 	This is the key question in adaptive routing.
0 	In many traffic patterns, the ignorance of global network state, leading to routing selection based only on local congestion information, tends to violate global load balance.
0 	To attack the load balance issue in adapting routing, some global adaptive routing algorithms introduce a congestion propagation network to obtain global network status information, such as Regional Congestion Awareness (RCA) and Destination Based Adaptive Routing (DBAR).
0 	However, the congestion propagation network leads to additional power and area consumption which cannot be ignored.
0 	From another view, if we just increase the bandwidth between neighbor nodes with the wires used to build the congestion propagation network, the network performance could be improved as well.
0 	In this paper, we propose a global adaptive routing algorithm without employing the additional congestion propagation network.
1 	Our algorithm obtains the global network state in a novel way, and can offer significant improvement than the base-line local adaptive routing algorithm (xy-adaptive algorithm which selects routing based on local congestion information in each hop) for both medium and high injection rates.
1 	In wormhole flow control, all the routing information (flit id, source node id, destination node id, vc id and address) is contained in head flit, and data is carried in body flits.
1 	As a result, there are always many free bits in the head flit, especially when the bandwidth is 128-bits which is normal in interconnection network design.
1 	Then, we can use these free bits in the head flit to propagate global congestion information but not increase the number of flits.


# 84
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.1896v1
## Bittorrent Network Traffic Forecasting With ARMA

0 	In recent years, there are some major changes in the way content is being distributed over the network.
0 	The content distribution techniques have recently started to embrace peer-to-peer (P2P) systems as an alternative to the traditional client-server architecture.
0 	P2P systemsthat are based on the BitTorrent protocol uses end-users' resources to provide a cost effective distribution of bandwidth intensive content to thousands of users.
0 	The BitTorrent protocol system offers a scalable mechanism for distributing a large volume of data to a set of peers over the Internet.
0 	With the growing demand for file sharing and content distribution, BitTorrent has become one of the most popular Internet applications and contributes to a signification fraction of the Internet traffic.
0 	With the wide usage of the BitTorrent protocol system, it has basically solved one of the major problems where data can be quickly transferred to a group of interested parties.
0 	The strength of the BitTorrent protocol lies in efficient bandwidth utilization for the downloading and uploading processes.
0 	However, the usage of BitTorrent protocol also causes latency for other applications in terms of network bandwidth which in turn has caused concerns for the Internet Service Providers, who strives for quality of service for all their customers.
0 	In this paper, we study the network traffic patterns of theBitTorrent network traffic and investigate its behavior by usingthe time series ARMA model.
0 	Our experimental results show that BitTorrent network traffic can be modeled and forecasted by using ARMA models.
1 	We compared and evaluated the forecasted network traffic with the real traffic patterns.
2 	This modeling can be utilized by the Internet Service Providers to manage their network bandwidth and also detect any abnormality in their network.


# 85
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.2314v1
## Analytical Study of Pre-congestion notification (PCN) techniques

0 	Maintaining the quality of service (QOS) and controlling the network congestion are quite complicated tasks.
0 	They cause degrading the performance of the network, and disturbing the continuous communication process.
0 	To overcome these issues, one step towards this dilemma has been taken in form of Pre-congestion notification (PCN) technique.
0 	PCN uses a packet marking technique within a PCN domain over IP networks.
0 	It is notified by egress node that works as guard at entry point of network.
0 	Egress node gives feedback to communicating servers whether rate on the link is exceeded than configured admissible threshold or within the limit.
0 	Based on this feedback, admission decisions are taken to determine whether to allow/block new coming flows or terminate already accepted.
0 	The actual question is about selection of right algorithm for PCN domain.
0 	In this paper, we investigate the analytical behavior of some known PCN algorithms.
0 	We make slide modifications in originality of PCN algorithms without disquieting working process in order to employ those within similar types of scenarios.
0 	Our goal is to simulate them either in highly congested or less congested realistic scenarios.
2 	On the basis of simulation done in ns2, we are able to recommend each PCN algorithm for specific conditions.
2 	Finally, we develop a benchmark that helps researchers and scientific communities to pick the right algorithm.
2 	Furthermore, the benchmark is designed to achieve specific objectives according to the users' requirements without congesting the network.


# 86
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.2409v1
## Transmission Delay of Multi-hop Heterogeneous Networks for Medical Applications

0 	Nowadays, with increase in ageing population, Health care market keeps growing.
0 	There is a need for monitoring of Health issues.
0 	Body Area Network consists of wireless sensors attached on or inside human body for monitoring vital Health related problems e.g, Electro Cardiogram (ECG), ElectroEncephalogram (EEG), ElectronyStagmography(ENG) etc.
0 	Data is recorded by sensors and is sent towards Health care center.
0 	Due to life threatening situations, timely sending of data is essential.
0 	For data to reach Health care center, there must be a proper way of sending data through reliable connection and with minimum delay.
0 	In this paper transmission delay of different paths, through which data is sent from sensor to Health care center over heterogeneous multi-hop wireless channel is analyzed.
1 	Data of medical related diseases is sent through three different paths.
1 	In all three paths, data from sensors first reaches ZigBee, which is the common link in all three paths.
1 	After ZigBee there are three available networks, through which data is sent.
1 	Wireless Local Area Network (WLAN), Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access (WiMAX), Universal Mobile Telecommunication System (UMTS) are connected with ZigBee.
1 	Each network (WLAN, WiMAX, UMTS) is setup according to environmental conditions, suitability of device and availability of structure for that device.
1 	Data from these networks is sent to IP-Cloud, which is further connected to Health care center.
0 	Main aim of this paper is to calculate delay of each link in each path over multihop wireless channel.


# 87
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.5526v1
## Coded Path Protection Part 1: Efficient Conversion of Sharing to Coding

0 	Link failures in wide area networks are common and cause significant data losses.
0 	Mesh-based protection schemes offer high capacity efficiency but they are slow and require complex signaling.
0 	Additionally, real-time reconfigurations of cross-connects threaten their transmission integrity.
0 	On the other hand, there are other schemes that are proactive.
0 	Proactivity results in higher restoration speed, lower signaling complexity, and higher transmission integrity.
0 	This paper introduces a coding-based proactive protection scheme, named Coded Path Protection (CPP).
1 	In CPP, a backup stream of the primary data is encoded with other data streams, resulting in capacity savings.
0 	In addition to a systematic approach of building valid coding structures, this paper presents an optimal and simple capacity placement and coding group formation algorithm.
1 	The algorithm converts the sharing structure of any solution of a Shared Path Protection (SPP) technique into a coding structure with minimum extra capacity.
1 	We conducted quantitative and qualitative comparisons of our technique with the SPP.
2 	Simulation results confirm that CPP provides faster link failure recovery than SPP while it incurs marginal extra capacity beyond that of SPP.
0 	In this Part 1 of the paper, we describe the theory and an algorithm for converting a given SPP solution into a CPP solution.


# 88
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.3047v1
## A Performance Analysis of LAR Protocol for Vehicular Ad Hoc Networks in City Scenarios

0 	In this paper, performance analysis of Location Aided Routing (LAR) protocol in different city scenarios has been done.
0 	The mobility model considered is Manhattan model.
0 	This mobility model used to emulate the movement pattern of nodes i.e., vehicles on streets defined by maps.
0 	Our objective is to provide a qualitative analysis of the LAR protocol in different city scenarios in Vehicular Ad hoc Networks.
1 	We have considered three different city scenarios for the analysis of the protocol.
1 	The simulation work has been conducted using the Glomosim 2.03 simulator.
2 	The results show that LAR1 protocol achieves maximum packet delivery ratio is 99.68 % and maximum average end-to-end delay is 7.319969 ms when the network is sparsely populated.
2 	Further, for densely populated network maximum achieved packet delivery ratio is 87.58% and average end-to-end delay is 0.017684 ms.


# 89
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.3147v1
## Performance Analysis of Probabilistic Rebroadcasting in Grid FSR for MANET

0 	Mobile Ad-hoc Network (MANET) is the self organizing collection of mobile nodes.
0 	The communication in MANET is done via a wireless media.
0 	Ad hoc wireless networks have massive commercial and military potential because of their mobility support.
0 	Due to demanding real time multimedia applications, Quality of Services (QoS) support in such infrastructure less networks have become essential.
0 	QoS routing in mobile Ad-Hoc networks is challenging due to rapid change in network topology.
0 	In this paper, we focused to reduce flooding performance of the Fisheye State Routing (FSR) protocol in Grid using ns-2 network simulator under different performance metrics scenario in respect to number of Nodes.
0 	For example, the connection establishment is costly in terms of time and resource where the network is mostly affected by connection request flooding.
1 	The proposed approach presents a way to reduce flooding in MANETs.
1 	Flooding is dictated by the propagation of connection-request packets from the source to its neighborhood nodes.
1 	The proposed architecture embarks on the concept of sharing neighborhood information.
1 	The proposed approach focuses on exposing its neighborhood peer to another node that is referred to as its friend-node, which had requested/forwarded connection request.
1 	If there is a high probability for the friend node to communicate through the exposed routes, this could improve the efficacy of bandwidth utilization by reducing flooding, as the routes have been acquired, without any broadcasts.
1 	Friendship between nodes is quantized based on empirical computations and heuristic algorithms.
1 	The nodes store the neighborhood information in their cache that is periodically verified for consistency.
2 	Simulation results show the performance of this proposed method.


# 90
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.3702v1
## Estimation and compensation of inter carrier interference in wimax physical layer under various channel models

0 	WiMAX is Wireless Interoperability for Microwave Access has emerged as a promising solution for transmission of higher data rates for fixed and mobile applications.
0 	IEEE 802.16d and e are the standards proposed.
0 	To attain higher data rates the Multi Carrier System with Multiple Input and Multiple Output MIMO is incorporated in the WiMAX.
0 	And all these sub carriers are considered to be orthogonal to each other.
0 	As the number of sub carriers is increased there is no guarantee of sustained orthogonality, i.e. at some point the carriers are not independent to each other, and hence where the orthogonality can be loosed which leads to interference and also owing to the synchronization between transmitter and receiver local oscillator, it causes interference known as Inter Carrier Interference (ICI).
1 	In this scheme at the transmitter side the modulated data and a few predefined pilot symbols are mapped onto the non neighboring sub carriers with weighting coefficients of +1 and -1.
1 	With the aid of pilot symbols the frequency offset is exactly estimated by using Maximum Likelihood Estimation MLE and hence can be minimized.
1 	At demodulation stage the received signals are linearly combined along with their weighted oefficients and pilot symbols, called as Pilot Aided Self Cancellation Method PASCS.
2 	The simulations are carried out on Stanford University Interim (SUI)channels.
2 	The simulation results shows that by incorporating this method into WiMAX systems it performs better when the Line Of Sight (LOS) component is present in the transmission and also it improves the Bit Error Rate (BER) and Carrier to Interference Ratio (CIR).
2 	The CIR can be improved 20 dB.
1 	In this paper the effectiveness of PASCS scheme is compared with the Self Cancellation Method (SCM).
2 	It provides accurate estimation of frequency offset and when residual CFO is less significant the ICI can be diminished successfully.

# 91
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.5917v1
## Dynamic Link adaptation Based on Coexistence-Fingerprint Detection for WSN


0         Operating in the ISM band, the wireless sensor network (WSN) risks being interfered by other concurrent networks.
0        Our concerns are the technologies that do not perform listening before transmission such as Bluetooth, and the ones that do not detect other technologies due to their channel sensing techniques like WIFI.
1         To overcome this issue a WSN node should be able to identify the presence of such technologies.
2         This will allow deducing the characteristics of the generated traffic of these technologies, and thus the behavior of the channel can be predicted.
2         These predictions would help to trigger adequate reactions as to avoid or synchronize with the concurrent net- works.
0         Many works exist on link adaptation, but they concern blind adaptations which are unintelligent and solve momentarily the problem that may reappear over time.
0         In this paper, we perform several experiments on a real testbed to categorize the model of the bit errors in corrupted received packets.
1         These experiments are performed under different conditions of channel noise and interferences.
2         This allows us to identify each corruption pattern as a fingerprint for the interfering technology.
1         Then we propose the mechanism FIM to identify on the fly the source of the corruption.
1         With an implementation on "Tmote Sky" motes using Tinyos1.x, We demonstrate the use of FIM for link adaptation in a coexistence environment.
2         Our mechanism led to throughput improvements of 87%-100% depending on the transmission rate and channel quality.




# 92
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1211.1782v1
## Resource Allocation in Mobile WiMAX Network: An Optimal Approach


0         In the last few years there has been significant growth in the area of wireless communication.
0        IEEE 802.16/WiMAX is the network which is designed for providing high speed wide area broadband wireless access; WiMAX is an emerging wireless technology for creating multi-hop Mesh network.
1         Future generation networks will be characterized by variable and high data rates, Quality of Services (QoS), seamless mobility both within a network and between networks of different technologies and service providers.
0         A technology is developed to accomplish these necessities is regular by IEEE, is 802.16, also called as WiMAX (Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access).
0        This architecture aims to apply Long range connectivity, High data rates, High security, Low power utilization and Excellent Quality of Services and squat deployment costs to a wireless access technology on a metropolitan level.
2         In this paper we have observed the performance analysis of location based resource allocation for WiMAX and WLAN-WiMAX client and in second phase we observed the rate-adaptive algorithms.
1         We know that base station (BS) is observed the ranging first for all subscribers then established the link between them and in final phase they will allocate the resource with Subcarriers allocation according to the demand (UL) i.e. video, voice and data application.
1         We propose linear approach, Active-Set optimization and Genetic Algorithm for Resource Allocation in downlink Mobile WiMAX networks.
2         Purpose of proposed algorithms is to optimize total throughput.
2        Simulation results show that Genetic Algorithm and Active-Set algorithm performs better than previous methods in terms of higher capacities but GA have high complexity then active set.




# 93
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1211.4294v1
## Effect of AWGN & Fading (Raleigh & Rician) channels on BER performance of a WiMAX communication System


0         The emergence of WIMAX has attracted significant interests from all fields of wireless communications including students, researchers, system engineers and operators.
0         The WIMAX can also be considered to be the main technology in the implementation of other networks like wireless sensor networks.
0         Developing an understanding of the WIMAX system can be achieved by looking at the model of the WIMAX system.
0         This paper discusses the model building of the WIMAX physical layer using computer MATLAB 7.5 versions.
0        This model is a useful tool for BER (Bit error rate) performance evaluation for the real data communication by the WIMAX physical layer under different communication channels AWGN and fading channel (Rayleigh and Rician), different channel encoding rates and digital modulation schemes which is described in this paper.
0        This paper investigates the effect of communication channels of IEEE 802.16 OFDM based WIMAX Physical Layer.
1        The performance measures we presented in this paper are: the bit error rate (BER) versus the ratio of bit energy to noise power spectral density (Eb/No).
0         The system parameters used in this paper are based on IEEE 802.16 standards.
2        The simulation model built for this research work, demonstrates that AWGN channel has better performance than Rayleigh and Rician fading channels.
1         Synthetic data is used to simulate this research work.




# 94
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1211.5720v1
## Cognitive Radio Transmission Strategies for Primary Markovian Channels


0         A fundamental problem in cognitive radio systems is that the cognitive radio is ignorant of the primary channel state and, hence, of the amount of actual harm it inflicts on the primary license holder.
0         Sensing the primary transmitter does not help in this regard.
1         To tackle this issue, we assume in this paper that the cognitive user can eavesdrop on the ACK/NACK Automatic Repeat reQuest (ARQ) fed back from the primary receiver to the primary transmitter.
1         Assuming a primary channel state that follows a Markov chain, this feedback gives the cognitive radio an indication of the primary link quality.
1         Based on the ACK/NACK received, we devise optimal transmission strategies for the cognitive radio so as to maximize a weighted sum of primary and secondary throughput.
1         The actual weight used during network operation is determined by the degree of protection afforded to the primary link.
1         We begin by formulating the problem for a channel with a general number of states.
1         We then study a two-state model where we characterize a scheme that spans the boundary of the primary-secondary rate region.
1         Moreover, we study a three-state model where we derive the optimal strategy using dynamic programming.
1         We also extend our two-state model to a two-channel case, where the secondary user can decide to transmit on a particular channel or not to transmit at all.
2         We provide numerical results for our optimal strategies and compare them with simple greedy algorithms for a range of primary channel parameters.
2         Finally, we investigate the case where some of the parameters are unknown and are learned using hidden Markov models (HMM).




# 95
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1211.7356v1
## WiGig and IEEE 802.11ad - For multi-gigabyte-per-second WPAN and WLAN


0        The Wireless Gigabit Alliance (WiGig) and IEEE 802.11ad are developing a multigigabit wireless personal and local area network (WPAN/WLAN) specification in the 60 GHz millimeter wave band.
0         Chipset manufacturers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), and telecom companies are also assisting in this development.
0         60 GHz millimeter wave transmission will scale the speed of WLANs and WPANs to 6.75 Gbit/s over distances less than 10 meters.
0        This technology is the first of its kind and will eliminate the need for cable around personal computers, docking stations, and other consumer electronic devices.
0         High-definition multimedia interface (HDMI), display port, USB 3.0, and peripheral component interconnect express (PCIe) 3.0 cables will all be eliminated.
0         Fast downloads and uploads, wireless sync, and multi-gigabit-per-second WLANs will be possible over shorter distances.
0         60 GHz millimeter wave supports fast session transfer (FST) protocol, which makes it backward compatible with 5 GHz or 2.4 GHz WLAN so that end users experience the same range as in today's WLANs.
0         IEEE 802.11ad specifies the physical (PHY) sublayer and medium access control (MAC) sublayer of the protocol stack.
0         The MAC protocol is based on time-division multiple access (TDMA), and the PHY layer uses single carrier (SC) and orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) to simultaneously enable low-power, high-performance applications.




# 96
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1301.1294v2
## FAST CLOUD: Pushing the Envelope on Delay Performance of Cloud Storage with Coding


0        Our paper presents solutions that can significantly improve the delay performance of putting and retrieving data in and out of cloud storage.
1         We first focus on measuring the delay performance of a very popular cloud storage service Amazon S3.
2         We establish that there is significant randomness in service times for reading and writing small and medium size objects when assigned distinct keys.
2         We further demonstrate that using erasure coding, parallel connections to storage cloud and limited chunking (i.e., dividing the object into a few smaller objects) together pushes the envelope on service time distributions significantly (e.g., 76%, 80%, and 85% reductions in mean, 90th, and 99th percentiles for 2 Mbyte files) at the expense of additional storage (e.g., 1.75x).
2         However, chunking and erasure coding increase the load and hence the queuing delays while reducing the supportable rate region in number of requests per second per node.
0         Thus, in the second part of our paper we focus on analyzing the delay performance when chunking, FEC, and parallel connections are used together.
1         Based on this analysis, we develop load adaptive algorithms that can pick the best code rate on a per request basis by using off-line computed queue backlog thresholds.
2         The solutions work with homogeneous services with fixed object sizes, chunk sizes, operation type (e.g., read or write) as well as heterogeneous services with mixture of object sizes, chunk sizes, and operation types.
1         We also present a simple greedy solution that opportunistically uses idle connections and picks the erasure coding rate accordingly on the fly.
2         Both backlog and greedy solutions support the full rate region and provide best mean delay performance when compared to the best fixed coding rate policy.
2         Our evaluations show that backlog based solutions achieve better delay performance at higher percentile values than the greedy solution.




# 97
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1301.7245v1
## Femtocell Architectures with Spectrum Sharing for Cellular Radio Networks


0         Femtocells are an emerging technology aimed at providing gains to both network operators and end-users.
0         These gains come at a cost of increased interference, specifically the cross network interference between the macrocell and femtocell networks.
0         This interference is one of the main performance limiting factors in allowing an underlaid femtocell network to share the spectrum with the cellular network.
1         To manage this interference, we first propose a femtocell architecture that orthog- onally partitions the network bandwidth between the macrocell and femtocell networks.
2         This scheme eliminates the cross network interference thus giving the femtocells more freedom over their use of the spectrum.
2        Specifically, no interference constraint is imposed by the cellular network allowing femto users to transmit at a constant power on randomly selected channels.
2         Although simple, this scheme is enough to give gains up to 200% in sum rate.
1         We then propose a second architecture where both networks share the bandwidth simultaneously.
1         A femtocell power control scheme that relies on minimal coordination with the macrocell base station is used in conjunction with an interference sensing channel assignment mechanism.
2         These two schemes together yield sum rate gains up to 200%.
1         We then develop a technique for macro users to join a nearby femtocell and share a common chan- nel with a femtocell user through the use of successive interfer- ence cancellation.
2         By adding this mechanism to the power control and channel assignment schemes, we show sum rate gains over 300% and up to 90% power savings for macrocell users.




# 98
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.5365v2
## Improving Network Efficiency by Removing Energy Holes in WSNs


0        Cluster based Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) have been widely used for better performance in terms of energy efficiency.
0         Efficient use of energy is challenging task of designing these protocols.
0         Energy holedare created due to quickly drain the energy of a few nodes due to non-uniform distribution in the network.
0         Normally, energy holes make the data routing failure when nodes transmit data back to the base station.
1         We proposedEnergy-efficient HOleRemoving Mechanism (E-HORM) technique to remove energy holes.
1         In this technique, we use sleep and awake mechanism for sensor nodes to save energy.
1         This approach finds the maximum distance node to calculate the maximum energy for data transmission.
1         We considered it as a threshold energy Eth.
1         Every node first checks its energy level for data transmission.
1         If the energy level is less than Eth, it cannot transmit data.
1         We also explain mathematically the energy consumption and average energy saving of sensor nodes in each round.
2         Extensive simulations showed that when use this approach for WSNs significantly helps to extend the network lifetime and stability period.




# 99
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.1651v1
## Accurate Indoor Localization Using Acoustic Direction Finding via Smart Phones


1        We propose and implement a novel indoor localization scheme, Swadloon, built upon an accurate acoustic direction finding.
0         Swadloon leverages sensors of the smartphone without the requirement of any specialized devices.
0         The scheme Swadloon does not rely on any fingerprints and is very easy to use: a user only needs to shake the phone for a short duration before walking and localization.
1         Our Swadloon design exploits a key observation: the relative shift and velocity of the phone-shaking movement corresponds to the subtle phase and frequency shift of the Doppler effects experienced in the received acoustic signal by the phone.
1         A novel method is designed to derive the direction from the phone to the acoustic source by combining the velocity calculated from the subtle Doppler shift with the one from the inertial sensors of the phone.
1         Then a real-time precise localization and tracking is enabled by using a few anchor speakers with known locations.
0         Major challenges in implementing Swadloon are to measure the frequency shift precisely and to estimate the shaking velocity accurately when the speed of phone-shaking is low and changes arbitrarily.
1         We propose rigorous methods to address these challenges, then design and deploy Swadloon in several floors of an indoor building each with area about 2000m^2.
2         Our extensive experiments show that the mean error of direction finding is around 2.1 degree when the acoustic source is within the range of 32m.
2         For indoor localization, the 90-percentile errors are under 0.92m, while the maximum error is 1.73m and the mean is about 0.5m.
2         For real-time tracking, the errors are within 0.4m for walks of 51m.




# 100
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.6428v1
## Internet Control Plane Event Identification using Model Based Change Point Detection Techniques


0        In the raise of many global organizations deploying their data centers and content services in India, the prefix reachability performance study from global destinations garners our attention.
0         The events such as failures and attacks occurring in the Internet topology have impact on Autonomous System (AS) paths announced in the control plane and reachability of prefixes from spatially distributed ASes.
0         As a consequence the customer reachability to the services in terms of increased latency and outages for a short or long time are experienced.
0         The challenge in control plane event detection is when the data plane traffic is able to reach the intended destinations correctly.
0         However detection of such events are crucial for the operations of content and data center industries.
1         By monitoring the spatially distributed routing table features like AS path length distributions, spatial prefix reachability distribution and covering to overlap route ratio, we can detect the control plane events.
1         In our work, we study prefix AS paths from the publicly available route-view data and analyze the global reachability as well as reachability to Indian AS topology.
1         To capture the spatial events in a single temporal pattern, we propose a counting based measure using prefixes announced by x % of spatial peers.
1         Employing statistical characteristics change point detection and temporal aberration algorithm on the time series of the proposed measure, we identify the occurrence of long and stochastic control plane events.
1         The impact and duration of the events are also quantified.
1         We validate the mechanisms over the proposed measure using the SEA-Me-We4 cable cut event manifestations in the control plane of Indian AS topology.
0         The cable cut events occurred on 6th June 2012 (long term event) and 17th April 2012 (stochastic event) are considered for validation.




# 101
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.0084v2
## Catch a Breath: Non-invasive Respiration Rate Monitoring via Wireless Communication


0         Radio signals are sensitive to changes in the environment, which for example is reflected on the received signal strength (RSS) measurements of low-cost wireless devices.
0         This information has been used effectively in the past years e.g. in device-free localization and tracking.
0         Recent literature has also shown that the fading information of the wireless channel can be exploited to estimate the breathing rate of a person in a non-invasive manner; a research topic we address in this paper.
0         To the best of our knowledge, we demonstrate for the first time that the respiration rate of a person can be accurately estimated using only a single IEEE 802.15.4 compliant TX-RX pair.
1         We exploit channel diversity, low-jitter periodic communication, and oversampling to enhance the breathing estimates, and make use of a decimation filter to decrease the computational requirements of breathing estimation.
1         In addition, we develop a hidden Markov model (HMM) to identify the time instances when breathing estimation is not possible, i.e., during times when other motion than breathing occurs.
2         We experimentally validate the accuracy of the system and the results suggest that the respiration rate can be estimated with a mean error of 0.03 breaths per minute, the lowest breathing rate error reported to date using IEEE 802.15 4 compliant transceivers.
2         We also demonstrate that the breathing of two people can be monitored simultaneously, a result not reported in earlier literature.




# 102
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.3402v1
## Improving Data Security in Infrastructure Networks Based on Unipath Routing


0         An infrastructure network is a self-organizing network which uses Access Point (AP) of wireless links that connecting one node with another.
0         These nodes can communicate without using ad hoc, instead these nodes form an arbitrary topology (BSS/ESS) in which these nodes play the role of routers.
0         Though the efficiency of Infrastructure networks is high, they are highly vulnerable to security attacks.
0         Detecting/Preventing these attacks over the network is highly challenging task.
0         Many solutions are proposed to provide authentication, confidentiality, availability, secure routing and intrusion avoidance in infrastructure networks.
0         Providing security in such dynamically changing networks is a hard task.
0         Characteristic of infrastructure network should also be taken into consideration in order to design efficient solutions.
1         In this study, we focus on efficiently increasing the flow transmission confidentiality in infrastructure networks based on multi-path routing.
1         In order to increase confidentiality of transmitted data, we take advantage of the existence of multiple paths between nodes in an infrastructure network with the help of Access Point.
1         In this approach the original data is split into package and are forwarded through access point.
1         The encrypted packets are then forwarded in different disjoint paths that exist between sender and receiver.
1         Even if an attacker succeeds to obtain one or more transmitted packets, the probability of reconstructing the original message is very low.




# 103
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.6349v1
## Communicating Is Crowdsourcing: Wi-Fi Indoor Localization with CSI-based Speed Estimation


0         Numerous indoor localization techniques have been proposed recently to meet the intensive demand for location based service, and Wi-Fi fingerprint-based approaches are the most popular and inexpensive solutions.
0         Among them, one of the main trends is to incorporate the built-in sensors of smartphone and to exploit crowdsourcing potentials.
0         However the noisy built-in sensors and multi-tasking limitation of underline OS often hinder the effectiveness of these schemes.
0         In this work, we propose a passive crowdsourcing CSI-based indoor localization scheme, C2 IL.
0         Our scheme C2 IL only requires the locating-device (e.g., a phone) to have a 802.11n wireless connection, and it does not rely on inertial sensors only existing in some smartphones.
0         C2 IL is built upon our innovative method to accurately estimate the moving distance purely based on 802.11n Channel State Information (CSI).
0         Our extensive evaluations show that the moving distance estimation error of our scheme is within 3% of the actual moving distance regardless of varying speeds and environment.
0         Relying on the accurate moving distance estimation as constraints, we are able to construct a more accurate mapping between RSS fingerprints and location.
1         To address the challenges of collecting fingerprints, a crowdsourcing- based scheme is designed to gradually establish the mapping and populate the fingerprints.
1         In C2 IL, we design a trajectory clustering-based localization algorithm to provide precise real-time indoor localization and tracking.
1         We developed and deployed a practical working system of C2 IL in a large office environment.
2         Extensive evaluation results indicate that our scheme C2 IL provides accurate localization with error 2m at 80% at very complex indoor environment with minimal overhead.




# 104
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.7111v1
## LPCH and UDLPCH: Location-aware Routing Techniques in WSNs


0        Wireless sensor nodes along with Base Station (BS) constitute a Wireless Sensor Network (WSN).
0         Nodes comprise of tiny power battery.
0         Nodes sense the data and send it to BS.
0         WSNs need protocol for efficient energy consumption of the network.
0         In direct transmission and minimum transmission energy routing protocols, energy consumption is not well distributed.
0         However, LEACH (Low-Energy Adaptive Clustering Hierarchy) is a clustering protocol; randomly selects the Cluster Heads (CHs) in each round.
0         However, random selection of CHs does not guarantee efficient energy consumption of the network.
1         Therefore, we proposed new clustering techniques in routing protocols, Location-aware Permanent CH (LPCH) and User Defined Location-aware Permanent CH (UDLPCH).
1         In both protocols, network field is physically divided in to two regions, equal number of nodes are randomly deployed in each region.
1         In LPCH, number of CHs are selected by LEACH algorithm in first round.
1         However in UDLPCH, equal and optimum number of CHs are selected in each region, throughout the network life time number of CHs are remain same.
2         Simulation results show that stability period and throughput of LPCH is greater than LEACH, stability period and throughput of UDLPCH is greater than LPCH.




# 105
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.2208v1
## A Novel Methodology to Overcome Routing Misbehavior in MANET using Retaliation Model


0         MANET is a cooperative network in which nodes are responsible for forwarding as well as routing.
0         Noncooperation is still a big challenge that certainly degrades the performance and reliability of a MANET.
0         This paper presents a novel methodology to overcome routing misbehavior in MANET using Retaliation Model.
1         In this model node misbehavior is watched and an equivalent misbehavior is given in return.
1         This model employs several parameters such as number of packets forwarded, number of packets received for forwarding, packet forwarding ratio etc. to calculate Grade and Bonus Points.
1         The Grade is used to isolate selfish nodes from the routing paths and the Bonus Points defines the number of packets dropped by an honest node in retaliation over its misconducts.
1         The implementation is done in "GloMoSim" on top of the DSR protocol.
2         We obtained up to 40% packet delivery ratio with a cost of a minimum of 7.5% overhead compared to DSR.
2         To minimize total control traffic overhead we have included the FG Model with our model and it reduces the overhead up to 75%.
2         This model enforces cooperation due to its stricter punishment strategy and justifies its name.



# 121
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1412.7684v1
## Efficient Switch Architectures for Pre-configured Backup Protection with Sharing in Elastic Optical Networks (EON)

0 	In this paper, we address the problem of providing survivability in elastic optical networks (EONs).
0 	EONs use fine granular frequency slots or flexible grids, when compared to the conventional fixed grid networks and therefore utilize the frequency spectrum efficiently.
1 	For providing survivability in EONs, we consider a recently proposed survivability method for conventional fixed grid networks, known as pre-configured backup protection with sharing (PBPS), because of its benefits over the traditional survivability approaches such as dedicated and shared protection.
1 	In PBPS, backup paths can be pre-configured and at the same time they can share resources.Therefore, both short recovery time and efficient resource usage can be achieved.
2 	We find that the existing switch architectures do not support both PBPS and EONs.
2 	Specifically, we identify and illustrate that, if a switch architecture is not carefully designed, several key problems/issues might arise in certain scenarios. Such problems include unnecessary resource consumption, inability of using existing free resources, and incapability of sharing backup paths. These problems appear when PBPS is adopted in EONs and they do not arise in fixed grid networks.
1 	In this paper, we propose new switch architectures which support both PBPS and EONs.
1 	Particularly, we illustrate that, our switch architectures avoid the specific problems/issues mentioned above. Therefore, our switch architectures support using resources more efficiently and reducing blocking of requests.


# 122
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1412.8617v1
## Color Filtering Localization for Three-Dimensional Underwater Acoustic Sensor Networks

0 	Accurate localization for mobile nodes has been an important and fundamental problem in underwater acoustic sensor networks (UASNs).
0 	The detection information returned from a mobile node is meaningful only if its location is known.
1 	In this paper, we propose two localization algorithms based on color filtering technology called PCFL and ACFL.
1 	PCFL and ACFL aim at collaboratively accomplishing accurate localization of underwater mobile nodes with minimum energy expenditure. They both adopt the overlapping signal region of task anchors which can communicate with the mobile node directly as the current sampling area.
1 	PCFL employs the projected distances between each of the task projections and the mobile node, while ACFL adopts the direct distance between each of the task anchors and the mobile node.
1 	Also the proportion factor of distance is proposed to weight the RGB values.
1 	By comparing the nearness degrees of the RGB sequences between the samples and the mobile node, samples can be filtered out. And the normalized nearness degrees are considered as the weighted standards to calculate coordinates of the mobile nodes.
2 	The simulation results show that the proposed methods have excellent localization performance and can timely localize the mobile node.
2 	The average localization error of PCFL can decline by about 30. 4% than the AFLA method.


# 123
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1007.1548v1
## Stability Analysis of GI/G/c/K Retrial Queue with Constant Retrial Rate

0 	We consider a GI/G/c/K-type retrial queueing system with constant retrial rate.
0 	The system consists of a primary queue and an orbit queue.
0 	The primary queue has $c$ identical servers and can accommodate the maximal number of $K$ jobs.
1 	If a newly arriving job finds the full primary queue, it joins the orbit.
1 	The original primary jobs arrive to the system according to a renewal process.
0 	The jobs have general i. i.	d. service times.
1 	A job in front of the orbit queue retries to enter the primary queue after an exponentially distributed time independent of the orbit queue length.
0 	Telephone exchange systems, Medium Access Protocols and short TCP transfers are just some applications of the proposed queueing system.
1 	For this system we establish minimal sufficient stability conditions.
0 	Our model is very general.
0 	In addition, to the known particular cases (e.g., M/G/1/1 or M/M/c/c systems), the proposed model covers as particular cases the deterministic service model and the Erlang model with constant retrial rate.
0 	The latter particular cases have not been considered in the past.
2 	The obtained stability conditions have clear probabilistic interpretation.


# 124
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1007.2280v1
## Phase Changes in the Evolution of the IPv4 and IPv6 AS-Level Internet Topologies

0 	In this paper we investigate the evolution of the IPv4 and IPv6 Internet topologies at the autonomous system (AS) level over a long period of time.
0 	We provide abundant empirical evidence that there is a phase transition in the growth trend of the two networks.
0 	For the IPv4 network, the phase change occurred in 2001.
0 	Before then the network's size grew exponentially, and thereafter it followed a linear growth.
0 	Changes are also observed around the same time for the maximum node degree, the average node degree and the average shortest path length.
0 	For the IPv6 network, the phase change occurred in late 2006.
2 	It is notable that the observed phase transitions in the two networks are different, for example the size of IPv6 network initially grew linearly and then shifted to an exponential growth.
2 	Our results show that following decades of rapid expansion up to the beginning of this century, the IPv4 network has now evolved into a mature, steady stage characterised by a relatively slow growth with a stable network structure; whereas the IPv6 network, after a slow startup process, has just taken off to a full speed growth.
2 	We also provide insight into the possible impact of IPv6-over-IPv4 tunneling deployment scheme on the evolution of the IPv6 network.
0 	The Internet topology generators so far are based on an inexplicit assumption that the evolution of Internet follows non-changing dynamic mechanisms.	
2   This assumption, however, is invalidated by our results.
2 	Our work reveals insights into the Internet evolution and provides inputs to future AS-Level Internet models.


# 125
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1007.4066v2
## A Tutorial on Broadcasting Packets over Multiple-Channels in a Multi-Inferface Network Setting in NS-2

0 	With the proliferation of cheaper electronic devices, wireless communication over multiple-channels in a multi-interface network is now possible.
0 	For instace, wireless sensor nodes can now operate over multiplechannels.
0 	Moreover, cognitive radio sensor networks are also evolving, which also operates over multiple-channels.
0 	In the market, we can find antennas that can support the operation of multiple channels, for e.g. the cc2420 antenna that is used for communication between wireless sensor nodes consists of 16 programmable channels.
0 	The proper utilization of multiple-channels reduces the interference between the nodes and increase the network throughput.
1 	Recently, a Cognitive Radio Cognitive Network (CRCN) patch for NS-2 simulator has proposed to support multi-channel multi-interface capability in NS-2.
0 	In this tutorial, we consider how to simulate a multi-channel multiinterface wireless network using the NS-2 simulator.
0 	This tutorial is trageted to the novice users who wants to understand the implementation of multi-channel multi-interface in NS-2.
1 	We take the Cognitive Radio Cognitive Network (CRCN) patch for NS-2 simulator and demonstrate broadcasting over multiple-channels in a multi-interface network setting.
2 	In our seeting, node braodcasts the Hello packets to its neighbors.
2 	Neighboring nodes receive the Hello packets if and only if they are tuned to the same channel.
2 	We demonstrate through example that the tuning of receivers can be done in two fashions.


# 126
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1007.5239v2
## TCP Reno over Adaptive CSMA

0 	An interesting distributed adaptive CSMA MAC protocol, called adaptive CSMA, was proposed recently to schedule any strictly feasible achievable rates inside the capacity region.
0 	Of particular interest is the fact that the adaptive CSMA can achieve a system utility arbitrarily close to that is achievable under a central scheduler.However, a specially designed transport-layer rate controller is needed for this result.
0 	An outstanding question is whether the widely-installed TCP Reno is compatible with adaptive CSMA and can achieve the same result.
2 	The answer to this question will determine how close to practical deployment adaptive CSMA is.	Our answer is yes and no.
1	First, we observe that running TCP Reno directly over adaptive CSMA results in severe starvation problems.
2 	Effectively, its performance is no better than that of TCP Reno over legacy CSMA (IEEE 802.11), and the potentials of adaptive CSMA cannot be realized.
2 	Fortunately, we find that multi-connection TCP Reno over adaptive CSMA with active queue management can materialize the advantages of adaptive CSMA.
2 	NS-2 simulations demonstrate that our solution can alleviate starvation and achieve fair and efficient rate allocation.
0 	Multi-connection TCP can be implemented at either application or transport layer.
0 	Application-layer implementation requires no kernel modification, making the solution readily deployable in networks running adaptive CSMA.


# 127
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.3381v1
## Optimal Pricing Effect on Equilibrium Behaviors of Delay-Sensitive Users in Cognitive Radio Networks

0 	This paper studies price-based spectrum access control in cognitive radio networks, which characterizes network operators' service provisions to delay-sensitive secondary users (SUs) via pricing strategies.
0 	Based on the two paradigms of shared-use and exclusive-use dynamic spectrum access (DSA), we examine three network scenarios corresponding to three types of secondary markets.
0	In the first monopoly market with one operator using opportunistic shared-use DSA, we study the operator's pricing effect on the equilibrium behaviors of self-optimizing SUs in a queueing system. %
0 	This queue represents the congestion of the multiple SUs sharing the operator's single \ON-\OFF channel that models the primary users (PUs) traffic.
1 	We provide a queueing delay analysis with the general distributions of the SU service time and PU traffic using the renewal theory.
1 	In terms of SUs, we show that there exists a unique Nash equilibrium in a non-cooperative game where SUs are players employing individual optimal strategies.
1 	We also provide a sufficient condition and iterative algorithms for equilibrium convergence.
1 	In terms of operators, two pricing mechanisms are proposed with different goals: revenue maximization and social welfare maximization.
1 	In the second monopoly market, an operator exploiting exclusive-use DSA has many channels that will be allocated separately to each entering SU.
2 	We also analyze the pricing effect on the equilibrium behaviors of the SUs and the revenue-optimal and socially-optimal pricing strategies of the operator in this market.
0 	In the third duopoly market, we study a price competition between two operators employing shared-use and exclusive-use DSA, respectively, as a two-stage Stackelberg game.
1 	Using a backward induction method, we show that there exists a unique equilibrium for this game and investigate the equilibrium convergence.


# 128
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.2125v2
## Noisy Distance Measurements Using 3-D Localization with Rb-Rf Methods

0 	Wireless sensor networks are dynamically formed over the varying topologies.
0 	Wireless sensor networks can assist in conducting the rescue operations and can provide search in timely manner.
0 	Long time monitoring applications are environment monitoring, security surveillance and habitat monitoring.
0 	Further, where it can be deployed in time critical situations when disaster happens.
0 	As we are dealing with the human lives here, we can not just rely on the localization schemes that depend upon the connectivity information Rf i.e. range-free algorithms only.
0 	Further, rescue operations are carried out in highly noisy environments, so distance based Rb(range-based) localization algorithms generate high error in distance measurements.
1 	An efficient algorithm is needed that can measure the location of the sensor nodes near to the living being or being attached to them in 3-D space with a high accuracy.
1 	To achieve such kind of accuracy a combination of both the strategies is required.
1 	The proposed method which incorporates both the Rb(range-based)&Rfrange-free strategies that successfully localizes nodes in a sensor network with noisy distance measurements.
1 	We also have depicted the effect of scalability on the performance of the algorithm.
2 	Results show that as the scalability of the network increases with the number of beacon nodes; the performance of the algorithm goes high above 90 percent .
1 	The granularity of the areas estimated may be easily adjusted by changing the system parameters which makes the proposed algorithm flexible.


# 129
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.5385v1
## Nontransitive Ranking to Enhance Routing Decision in MANETS

0 	An ad hoc network is an infrastructureless network in which nodes perform terminal as well as routing functions.
0 	A routing protocol is the only substitute to complete the communications in the absence of an access point.
1 	In spite of that mobile nodes or so called routers uses some mechanism for calculating the best route when it has multiple routes for the same destination.
1 	On the basis of one or more metrics routes are ranked from best to worst.
1 	But, in an ad hoc network many factors can affect this decision, such as the delay, load, route lifetime etc.
1 	Thus measuring and finding routes on the basis of crisp mathematical model for all these attributes is complicated.
1 	That why, the fuzzy approach for best route determination is required for MANET because some of the metrics are fuzzy or vague and the classical ranking of routes and transitivity in the ranking does not hold.
1 	The proposed Nontransitive Route Ranking subjective comparison of one route with others and performs nontransitive ranking to rank routes from best to worst.
2 	The pairwise comparisons of each route with others give more accurate and fair comparison.
2 	The proposed ranking is easier than classical ranking in which metrics have assigned some value and these values are combined to obtain the ranking.
2 	Experimental result shows the efficiency of the proposed model.
0 	Keywords: Fuzzy, Rank, Nontransitive, Route, Ranking, Relativity


# 130
### http://arxiv.org/abs/0801.4054v2
## Bounded Mean-Delay Throughput and Non-Starvation Conditions in Aloha Network

0 	This paper considers the requirements to ensure bounded mean queuing delay and non-starvation in a slotted Aloha network operating the exponential backoff protocol.
0 	It is well-known that the maximum possible throughput of a slotted Aloha system with a large number of nodes is 1/e = 0.3679.
0 	Indeed, a saturation throughput of 1/e can be achieved with an exponential backoff factor of r = e/(e-1)=1.5820.
0 	The binary backoff factor of r = 2 is assumed in the majority of prior work, and in many practical multiple-access networks such as the Ethernet and WiFi.
0 	For slotted Aloha, the saturation throughput 0.3466 for r = 2 is reasonably close to the maximum of 1/e, and one could hardly raise objection to adopting r = 2 in the system.
0 	However, this paper shows that if mean queuing delay is to be bounded, then the sustainable throughput when r = 2 is only 0.2158, a drastic 41% drop from 1/e .
0  Fortunately, the optimal setting of r = 1.3757 under the bounded mean-delay requirement allows us to achieve sustainable throughput of 0.3545, a penalty of only less than 4% relative to 1/e.
2 	A general conclusion is that the value of r may significantly affect the queuing delay performance.
2 	Besides analyzing mean queuing delay, this paper also delves into the phenomenon of starvation, wherein some nodes are deprived of service for an extended period of time while other nodes hog the system.
1 	Specifically, we propose a quantitative definition for starvation and show that the conditions to guarantee bounded mean delay and non-starved operation are one of the same, thus uniting these two notions.
2 	Finally, we show that when mean delay is large and starvation occurs, the performance results obtained from simulation experiments may not converge.
2 	A quantitative discussion of this issue is provided in this paper.


# 131
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.05017v3
## On the Packet Allocation of Multi-Band Aggregation Wireless Networks

0 	The use of heterogeneous networks with multiple radio access technologies (RATs) is a system concept that both academia and industry are studying.
0 	In such system, integrated use of available multiple RATs is essential to achieve beyond additive throughput and connectivity gains using multi-dimensional diversity.
0 	This paper considers an aggregation module called opportunistic multi-MAC aggregation (OMMA).
0 	It resides between the IP layer and the air interface protocol stacks, common to all RATs in the device.
1 	We present a theoretical framework for such system while considering a special case of multi-RAT systems, i.e., a multi-band wireless LAN (WLAN) system.
1 	An optimal packet distribution approach is derived which minimizes the average packet latency (the sum of queueing delay and serving delay) over multiple bands.
1 	It supports multiple user terminals with different QoS classes simultaneously.
1 	We further propose a packet scheduling algorithm, OMMA Leaky Bucket, which minimizes the packet end-to-end delay, i.e., the sum of average packet latency and average packet reordering delay.
1 	We also describe the system architecture of the proposed OMMA system, which is applicable for the general case of the multi- RAT devices.
1 	It includes functional description, discovery and association processes, and dynamic RAT update management.
2 	We finally present simulation results for a multi-band WLAN system.
2 	It shows the performance gains of the proposed OMMA Leaky Bucket scheme in comparison to other existing packet scheduling mechanisms.


# 132
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1512.02594v1
## Suporte  Mobilidade em Redes Mesh Sem Fio: estratgias comuns versus SDN

0 	Wireless mesh networks have been presented as a robust, scalable and low cost solution to provide connectivity in long distance areas.
0 	However, given its nature, routing strategies must support seamless mobility of nodes while enabling operation with a good performance and fast self-recovery from links fault.
0 	The routing approaches that meet these requirements are based on protocols usually used in ad-hoc networks (e.g. OLSR and B.A.T.M.A.N.) and, more recently, in the SDN paradigm (e.g. OpenWiMesh), each one of them having its own pros and cons.
0 	Therefore, it is important to evaluate the benefits and impacts of each approach, taking into account models and metrics inherent to the mobility.
1 	In this paper, we propose a simplified implementation of mobility support in OpenWiMesh and evaluate its performance compared to other protocols, using differents mobility and data traffic models.
1 	The chosen metrics are based on packet loss, occupation of the links with control traffic and delay.
2 	Simulated results show that the SDN approach perform better than the classic protocols, beyond flexibility and programmability of SDN itself.


# 133
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03770v2
## Flexibility of Networks: a new measure for network design space analysis?

0 	Flexibility is often claimed as a competitive advantage when proposing new network designs.
0 	However, most proposals provide only qualitative arguments for their improved support of flexibility.
0 	Quantitative arguments vary a lot among different proposals.
0 	A general understanding for flexibility is not yet clearly defined, leaving it to the reader to draw the right conclusions based on background information.
0 	The term flexibility is commonly defined as the ability to adapt to changes.
0 	For networks, flexibility would refer to the ability to adapt the available network resources, such as flows or topology, to changes of design requirements, e.g., shorter latency budgets or different traffic distributions.
0 	Recent concepts such as Software Defined Networking, Network Virtualization and Network Function Virtualization have emerged claiming to provide more flexibility in networks.
0 	Nevertheless, a deeper understanding of what flexibility means and how it could be quantified to compare different network designs remains open.
0 	In this paper, we ask whether flexibility can be a new measure for network design space analysis.
1 	As it is quite challenging to formulate a flexibility measure that covers all network aspects, we propose an initial set of flexibility aspects to start grounding guidelines.
1 	Our initial selection is backed up by an analysis of Software Defined Networking, Network Virtualization and Network Function Virtualization for their support of the selected flexibility aspects.
1 	Our research methodology is based on a systematic approach that leads to network design guidelines with respect to flexibility.


# 134
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1602.00097v1
## Dynamic Virtual Machine Management via Approximate Markov Decision Process

0 	Efficient virtual machine (VM) management can dramatically reduce energy consumption in data centers.
0 	Existing VM management algorithms fall into two categories based on whether the VMs' resource demands are assumed to be static or dynamic.
0 	The former category fails to maximize the resource utilization as they cannot adapt to the dynamic nature of VMs' resource demands.
0 	Most approaches in the latter category are heuristical and lack theoretical performance guarantees.
1 	In this work, we formulate dynamic VM management as a large-scale Markov Decision Process (MDP) problem and derive an optimal solution.
1 	Our analysis of real-world data traces supports our choice of the modeling approach.
1 	However, solving the large-scale MDP problem suffers from the curse of dimensionality.
1 	Therefore, we further exploit the special structure of the problem and propose an approximate MDP-based dynamic VM management method, called MadVM.
1 	We prove the convergence of MadVM and analyze the bound of its approximation error.
1 	Moreover, MadVM can be implemented in a distributed system, which should suit the needs of real data centers.
1 	Extensive simulations based on two real-world workload traces show that MadVM achieves significant performance gains over two existing baseline approaches in power consumption, resource shortage and the number of VM migrations.
1 	Specifically, the more intensely the resource demands fluctuate, the more MadVM outperforms.


# 135
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1602.02091v1
## Towards Innovative Physical Layer Design for Mobile WSN Platforms

0 	We today live in the era of dynamic and mobile wireless enabled platforms.
0 	This kind of stringent communication capability in the face of volatile and turbulent mobility demands a fresh look at physical layer in general and antenna design in particular.
0 	The dimension of the antenna is 30x35x1.6 mm^3.
2 	Multiplicity of bands is very useful for compatibility purposes where legacy robotic platforms generally operate in MHz range while latest robotic platforms are capable to handle GHz communication regimes and can pump data very at much greater speeds.
2	Seven frequency bands are obtained at 700 MHz, 2.4 GHz, 3.6 GHz, 4.37 GHz, 5.8 GHz, 6.93 GHz and 7.7 GHz with bandwidth of 1.1 GHz, 0.7 GHz, 0.8 GHz, 0.23 GHz, 0.90 GHz, 0.19 GHz and 0.12 GHz respectively.


# 151
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1009.1604v1
## DynaChanAl: Dynamic Channel Allocation with Minimal End-to-end Delay for Wireless Sensor Networks

0 	With recent advances in wireless communication, networking, and low power sensor technology, wireless sensor network (WSN) systems have begun to take significant roles in various applications ranging from environmental sensing to mobile healthcare sensing.
0 	While some WSN applications only require a lim- ited amount of bandwidth, new emerging applications operate with a notice- ably large amount of data transfers.
0 	One way to deal with such applications is to maximize the available capacity by utilizing the use of multiple wireless channels.
1 	This work proposes DynaChannAl, a distributed dynamic wireless channel algorithm with the goal of effectively distributing nodes on multiple wireless channels in WSN systems.
1 	Specifically, DynaChannAl targets applica- tions where mobile nodes connect to a pre-existing wireless backbone and takes the expected end-to-end queuing delay as its core metric.
1 	We use the link qual- ity indicator (LQI) values provided by IEEE 802.15.4 radios white-list potential links with good link quality and evaluate such links with the aggregated packet transmission latency at each hop.
1 	Our approach is useful for applications that require minimal end-to-end delay (i.e., healthcare applications).
1 	DynaChannAl is a light weight and highly adoptable scheme that can be easily incorporated with various pre-developed components and pre-deployed applications.
2 	We eval- uate DynaChannAl in on a 45 node WSN testbed.
2 	As the first study to consider end-to-end latency as the core metric for channel allocation in WSN systems, the experimental results indicate that DynaChannAl successfully distributes multi- ple (mobile) source nodes on different wireless channels and enables the nodes to select wireless channel and links that can minimize the end-to-end latency.


# 152
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1009.3415v1
## Temporal Starvation in CSMA Wireless Networks

0 	It is well known that links in CSMA wireless networks are prone to starvation.
0 	Prior works focused almost exclusively on equilibrium starvation.
0 	In this paper, we show that links in CSMA wireless networks are also susceptible to temporal starvation.
0 	Specifically, although some links have good equilibrium throughputs and do not suffer from equilibrium starvation, they can still have no throughput for extended periods from time to time.
0 	Given its impact on quality of service, it is important to understand and characterize temporal starvation.
1 	To this end, we develop a "trap theory" to analyze temporal throughput fluctuation.
1 	The trap theory serves two functions.
1 	First, it allows us to derive new mathematical results that shed light on the transient behavior of CSMA networks.
1 	For example, we show that the duration of a trap, during which some links receive no throughput, is insensitive to the distributions of the backoff countdown and transmission time (packet duration) in the CSMA protocol.
1 	Second, we can develop analytical tools for computing the "degrees of starvation" for CSMA networks to aid network design.
1 	For example, given a CSMA network, we can determine whether it suffers from starvation, and if so, which links will starve.
1 	Furthermore, the likelihood and durations of temporal starvation can also be computed.
2 	We believe that the ability to identify and characterize temporal starvation as established in this paper will serve as an important first step toward the design of effective remedies for it.


# 153
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1009.4563v1
## A Cluster Based Replication Architecture for Load Balancing in Peer-to-Peer Content Distribution

0 	In P2P systems, large volumes of data are declustered naturally across a large number of peers.
0 	But it is very difficult to control the initial data distribution because every user has the freedom to share any data with other users.
0 	The system scalability can be improved by distributing the load across multiple servers which is proposed by replication.
0 	The large scale content distribution systems were improved broadly using the replication techniques.
0 	The demanded contents can be brought closer to the clients by multiplying the source of information geographically, which in turn reduce both the access latency and the network traffic.
0 	In addition to this, due to the intrinsic dynamism of the P2P environment, static data distribution cannot be expected to guarantee good load balancing.
0 	If the hot peers become bottleneck, it leads to increased user response time and significant performance degradation of the system.
0 	Hence an effective load balancing mechanism is necessary in such cases and it can be attained efficiently by intelligent data replication.
1 	In this paper, we propose a cluster based replication architecture for load-balancing in peer-to-peer content distribution systems.
1 	In addition to an intelligent replica placement technique, it also consists of an effective load balancing technique.
1 	In the intelligent replica placement technique, peers are grouped into strong and weak clusters based on their weight vector which comprises available capacity, CPU speed, access latency and memory size.
1 	In order to achieve complete load balancing across the system, an intracluster and inter-cluster load balancing algorithms are proposed.
2 	We are able to show that our proposed architecture attains less latency and better throughput with reduced bandwidth usage, through the simulation results.

# 154
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.1633v1
## Throughput Computation in CSMA Wireless Networks with Collision Effects

0 	It is known that link throughputs of CSMA wireless networks can be computed from a time-reversible Markov chain arising from an ideal CSMA network model (ICN).
0 	In particular, this model yields general closed-form equations of link throughputs.
0 	However, an idealized and important assumption made in ICN is that the backoff countdown process is in "contiuous-time" and carrier sensing is instantaneous.
0 	As a result, there is no collision in ICN.
0 	In practical CSMA protocols such as IEEE 802.11, the stations count down in "mini-timeslot" and the process is therefore a "discrete-time" process.
0 	In particular, two stations may end their backoff process in the same mini-timeslot and then transmit simultaneously, resulting in a packet collision.
0 	This paper is an attempt to study how to compute link throughputs after taking such backoff collision effects into account.
1 	We propose a generalized ideal CSMA network model (GICN) to characterize the collision states as well as the interactions and dependency among links in the network.
2 	We show that link throughputs and collision probability can be computed from GICN.
2 	Simulation results validate GICN's accuracy.
2 	Interestingly, we also find that the original ICN model yields fairly accurate results despite the fact that collisions are not modeled.


# 155
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.5468v1
## Measuring Pulsed Interference in 802.11 Links

0 	Wireless 802.11 links operate in unlicensed spectrum and so must accommodate other unlicensed transmitters which generate pulsed interference.
1 	We propose a new approach for detecting the presence of pulsed interference affecting 802.11 links, and for estimating temporal statistics of this interference.
1 	This approach builds on recent work on distinguishing collision losses from noise losses in 802.11 links.
1 	When the intervals between interference pulses are i.i.d.,the approach is not confined to estimating the mean and variance of these intervals but can recover the complete probability distribution.
1 	The approach is a transmitter-side technique that provides per-link information and is compatible with standard hardware.
1 	We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach using extensive experimental measurements.
1 	In addition to applications to monitoring, management and diagnostics, the fundamental information provided by our approach can potentially be used to adapt the frame durations used in a network so as to increase capacity in the presence of pulsed interference.


# 156
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.2154v1
## Cognitive Radio Networks: Realistic or Not?

0 	A large volume of research has been conducted in the cognitive radio (CR) area the last decade.
0 	However, the deployment of a commercial CR network is yet to emerge.
0 	A large portion of the existing literature does not build on real world scenarios, hence, neglecting various important interactions of the research with commercial telecommunication networks.
0 	For instance, a lot of attention has been paid to spectrum sensing as the front line functionality that needs to be completed in an efficient and accurate manner to enable an opportunistic CR network architecture.
0 	This is necessary to detect the existence of spectrum holes without which no other procedure can be fulfilled.
0 	However, simply sensing (cooperatively or not) the energy received from a primary transmitter cannot enable correct dynamic spectrum access.
0 	For example, the low strength of a primary transmitter's signal does not assure that there will be no interference to a nearby primary receiver.
0 	In addition, the presence of a primary transmitter's signal does not mean that CR network users cannot access the spectrum since there might not be any primary receiver in the vicinity.
0 	Despite the existing elegant and clever solutions to the DSA problem no robust, implementable scheme has emerged.
1 	In this paper, we challenge the basic premises of the proposed schemes.
1 	We further argue that addressing the technical challenges we face in deploying robust CR networks can only be achieved if we radically change the way we design their basic functionalities.
1 	In support of our argument, we present a set of real-world scenarios, inspired by realistic settings in commercial telecommunications networks, focusing on spectrum sensing as a basic and critical functionality in the deployment of CRs.
1 	We use these scenarios to show why existing DSA paradigms are not amenable to realistic deployment in complex wireless environments.


# 157
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.4720v1
## Multiple Target Tracking with RF Sensor Networks

0 	RF sensor networks are wireless networks that can localize and track people (or targets) without needing them to carry or wear any electronic device.
0 	They use the change in the received signal strength (RSS) of the links due to the movements of people to infer their locations.
1 	In this paper, we consider real-time multiple target tracking with RF sensor networks.
1 	We perform radio tomographic imaging (RTI), which generates images of the change in the propagation field, as if they were frames of a video.
1 	Our RTI method uses RSS measurements on multiple frequency channels on each link, combining them with a fade level-based weighted average.
1 	We describe methods to adapt machine vision methods to the peculiarities of RTI to enable real time multiple target tracking.
1 	Several tests are performed in an open environment, a one-bedroom apartment, and a cluttered office environment.
2 	The results demonstrate that the system is capable of accurately tracking in real-time up to 4 targets in cluttered indoor environments, even when their trajectories intersect multiple times, without mis-estimating the number of targets found in the monitored area.
2 	The highest average tracking error measured in the tests is 0.45 m with two targets, 0.46 m with three targets, and 0.55 m with four targets.


# 158
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.7028v1
## Shortest Path versus Multi-Hub Routing in Networks with Uncertain Demand

0 	We study a class of robust network design problems motivated by the need to scale core networks to meet increasingly dynamic capacity demands.
0 	Past work has focused on designing the network to support all hose matrices (all matrices not exceeding marginal bounds at the nodes).
0 	This model may be too conservative if additional information on traffic patterns is available.
0 	Another extreme is the fixed demand model, where one designs the network to support peak point-to-point demands.
1 	We introduce a capped hose model to explore a broader range of traffic matrices which includes the above two as special cases.
1 	It is known that optimal designs for the hose model are always determined by single-hub routing, and for the fixed- demand model are based on shortest-path routing.
1 	We shed light on the wider space of capped hose matrices in order to see which traffic models are more shortest path-like as opposed to hub-like.
1 	To address the space in between, we use hierarchical multi-hub routing templates, a generalization of hub and tree routing.
1 	In particular, we show that by adding peak capacities into the hose model, the single-hub tree-routing template is no longer cost-effective.
1 	This initiates the study of a class of robust network design (RND) problems restricted to these templates.
1 	Our empirical analysis is based on a heuristic for this new hierarchical RND problem.
1 	We also propose that it is possible to define a routing indicator that accounts for the strengths of the marginals and peak demands and use this information to choose the appropriate routing template.
2 	We benchmark our approach against other well-known routing templates, using representative carrier networks and a variety of different capped hose traffic demands, parameterized by the relative importance of their marginals as opposed to their point-to-point peak demands.


# 159
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.7289v2
## Homology-based Distributed Coverage Hole Detection in Wireless Sensor Networks

0 	Homology theory provides new and powerful solutions to address the coverage problems in wireless sensor networks (WSNs).
0 	They are based on algebraic objects, such as Cech complex and Rips complex.
0 	Cech complex gives accurate information about coverage quality but requires a precise knowledge of the relative locations of nodes.
0 	This assumption is rather strong and hard to implement in practical deployments.
0 	Rips complex provides an approximation of Cech complex.
0 	It is easier to build and does not require any knowledge of nodes location.
0 	This simplicity is at the expense of accuracy.
0 	Rips complex can not always detect all coverage holes.
0 	It is then necessary to evaluate its accuracy.
1 	This work proposes to use the proportion of the area of undiscovered coverage holes as performance criteria.
1 	Investigations show that it depends on the ratio between communication and sensing radii of a sensor.
1 	Closed-form expressions for lower and upper bounds of the accuracy are also derived.
1 	For those coverage holes which can be discovered by Rips complex, a homology-based distributed algorithm is proposed to detect them.
2 	Simulation results are consistent with the proposed analytical lower bound, with a maximum difference of 0.5%.Upper bound performance depends on the ratio of communication and sensing radii.
2 	Simulations also show that the algorithm can localize about 99% coverage holes in about 99% cases.


# 160
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.1177v2
## A New IEEE 802.15.4 Simulation Model for OMNeT++ / INET

1 	This paper introduces a new IEEE 802.15.4 simulation model for OMNeT++ / INET.
0	802.15.4 is an important underlying standard for wireless sensor networks and Internet of Things scenarios.
2 	The presented implementation is designed to be compatible with OMNeT++ 4.x and INET 2.x and laid-out to be expandable for newer revisions of the 802.15.4 standard.
2 	The source code is available online https://github.com/michaelkirsche/IEEE802154INET-Standalone


# 161
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.8267v1
## Network Utility Aware Traffic Loading Balancing in Backhaul-constrained Cache-enabled Small Cell Networks with Hybrid Power Supplies

0 	Explosive data traffic growth leads to a continuous surge in capacity demands across mobile networks.
0 	In order to provision high network capacity, small cell base stations (SCBSs) are widely deployed.
0 	Owing to the close proximity to mobile users, SCBSs can effectively enhance the network capacity and offloading traffic load from macro BSs (MBSs).
0 	However, the cost-effective backhaul may not be readily available for SCBSs, thus leading to backhaul constraints in small cell networks (SCNs).
0 	Enabling cache in BSs may mitigate the backhaul constraints in SCNs.
0 	Moreover, the dense deployment of SCBSs may incur excessive energy consumption.
0 	To alleviate brown power consumption, renewable energy will be explored to power BSs.
0 	In such a network, it is challenging to dynamically balance traffic load among BSs to optimize the network utilities.
1 	In this paper, we investigate the traffic load balancing in backhaul-constrained cache-enabled small cell networks powered by hybrid energy sources.
1 	We have proposed a network utility aware (NUA) traffic load balancing scheme that optimizes user association to strike a tradeoff between the green power utilization and the traffic delivery latency.
1 	On balancing the traffic load, the proposed NUA traffic load balancing scheme considers the green power utilization, the traffic delivery latency in both BSs and their backhaul, and the cache hit ratio.
1 	The NUA traffic load balancing scheme allows dynamically adjusting the tradeoff between the green power utilization and the traffic delivery latency.
2 	We have proved the convergence and the optimality of the proposed NUA traffic load balancing scheme.
2 	Through extensive simulations, we have compared performance of the NUA traffic load balancing scheme with other schemes and showed its advantages in backhaul-constrained cache-enabled small cell networks with hybrid power supplies.


# 162
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.0336v1
## Cross-Layer Extended Persistent Timeout Policy for SCTP and DSDV

0 	Cross layer techniques applied to various protocols stacks provide fair information sharing between OSI model layers.
0 	The performance gains have been demonstrated for many studied systems within protocols interactions.
0 	The example is illustrative of the reliable transport protocols that use retransmissions to achieve that reliability function.
0 	The performance gains of the persistent timeout policy for the management of the retransmission timeout have been produce in some recent works when applying that persistent timeout policy only to reliable transport protocol.
0 	The goal was to give an appropriate behavior in response to a bad state of the wireless channel that occurs and temporally blocks the transmission of data.The channel state is given by the 802.11 link layer through cross-layer mechanism.
1 	In this paper, the persistent policy is extended to the network layer and is applied to a stack that uses a reactive routing protocol, namely the Destination Sequenced Distance-Vector (DSDV) protocol that also generates additional periodic traffic regardless to the channel state.
1 	We are measuring the influence in terms of performance gains of the extended persistent policy because of the additional periodic signalization messages deriving from the used routing protocol.
1 	After the introduction in section I; Section II of this paper presents an overview of the Stream Control Transmission Protocol (SCTP).
2 	Section III describes the behavior of the DSDV protocol.
2 	Section IV presents the extended persistent timeout policy principle and Section V presents the simulation results used to compare the using of the traditional and the extended persistent timeout policies applied to the same protocol stack using SCTP and DSDV.


# 163
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.0337v1
## Cross layer Interaction Models for SCTP and OLSR

0 	The evolution from wired system to the wireless environment opens a set of challenge for the improvement of the wireless system performances because of many of their weakness compared to wired networks.
0 	To achieve this goal, cross layer techniques are used to facilitate the sharing of information between the layers of the OSI model.
0 	In some precedent works, the Reverse Cross Layer (RCL) method has been proposed to facilitate the design of cross layer conceptual models.
0 	The method has the advantage to highlight the impact of each cross layer interaction on each protocol in order to update its source code and to describe the intuitive gains that can be achieve.
0 	The method may be applied to a given protocol stack or to an existent cross layer model to integrate new interactions.
1 	In this paper, we are applying the RCL method on the stack that uses the Stream Control Transport Protocol (SCTP) at the transport layer and the Optimized Link State Routing (OLSR) at the network layer.
1 	Cross layer conceptual models are produced based on new cross layer interactions that are proposed to populate the environment subsystem built with the application of the RCL method.
1 	The improvement of the environment subsystem is specified through the performance gains provide by the new interactions.
1 	The implementation of the interactions that impact the SCTP protocol is described in the Interaction Description Array.
1 	After the introduction, Section II of this paper presents an overview of the SCTP protocol.
1 	Section III is related to the overview of the OLSR protocol.
1 	Section IV is used for the application of the RCL method and the different interaction arrays it generates.
2 	Section V presents the improvement of the environment subsystem and the definition of the performance gain of each Cross Layer Atomic Action (CLAA).


# 164
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.3978v1
## Technical Report: A Methodology for Studying 802.11p VANET Broadcasting Performance with Practical Vehicle Distribution

0 	In a Vehicular Ad-hoc Network (VANET), the performance of the communication protocol is influenced heavily by the vehicular density dynamics.
0 	However, most of the previous works on VANET performance modeling paid little attention to vehicle distribution, or simply assumed homogeneous car distribution.
0 	It is obvious that vehicles are distributed non-homogeneously along a road segment due to traffic signals and speed limits at different portions of the road, as well as vehicle interactions that are significant on busy streets.
1 	In light of the inadequacy, we present in this paper an original methodology to study the broadcasting performance of 802.11p VANETs with practical vehicle distribution in urban environments.
1 	Firstly, we adopt the empirically verified stochastic traffic models, which incorporates the effect of urban settings (such as traffic lights and vehicle interactions) on car distribution and generates practical vehicular density profiles.
1 	Corresponding 802.11p protocol and performance models are then developed.
1 	When coupled with the traffic models, they can predict broadcasting efficiency, delay, as well as throughput performance of 802.11p VANETs based on the knowledge of car density at each location on the road.
1 	Extensive simulation is conducted to verify the accuracy of the developed mathematical models with the consideration of vehicle interaction.
2 	In general, our results demonstrate the applicability of the proposed methodology on modeling protocol performance in practical signalized road networks, and shed insights into the design and development of future communication protocols and networking functions for VANETs.


# 165
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1501.01657v1
## A General Model for MAC Protocol Selection in Wireless Sensor Networks

0 	Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) are being deployed for different applications, each having its own structure, goals and requirements.
0 	Medium access control (MAC) protocols play a significant role in WSNs and hence should be tuned to the applications.
0	However, there is no for selecting MAC protocols for different situations.
0 	Therefore, it is hard to decide which MAC protocol is good for a given situation.
0 	Having a precise model for each MAC protocol, on the other hand, is almost impossible.
0 	Using the intuition that the protocols in the same behavioral category perform similarly, our goal in this paper is to introduce a general model that selects the protocol(s) that satisfy the given requirements from the category that performs better for a given context.
1 	We define the Combined Performance Function (CPF) to demonstrate the performance of different categories protocols for different contexts.
1 	Having the general model, we then discuss the model scalability for adding new protocols, categories, requirements, and performance criteria.
1 	Considering energy consumption and delay as the initial performance criteria of the model, we focus on deriving mathematical models for them.
2 	The results extracted from CPF are the same as the well-known rule of thumb for the MAC protocols that verifies our model.
1 	We validate our models with the help of simulation study.
1 	We also implemented the current CPF model in a web page to make the model online and useful.

# 61
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.4261v1
## Physical-Layer Network Coding: Tutorial, Survey, and Beyond

0 	The concept of physical-layer network coding (PNC) was proposed in 2006 for application in wireless networks.
0 	Since then it has developed into a subfield of network coding with wide followings.
0 	The basic idea of PNC is to exploit the network coding operation that occurs naturally when electromagnetic (EM) waves are superimposed on one another.
0 	This simple idea turns out to have profound and fundamental ramifications.
0 	Subsequent works by various researchers have led to many new results in the domains of 1) wireless communication; 2) wireless information theory; and 3) wireless networking.
0	The purpose of this paper is fourfold.
1 	First, we give a brief tutorial on the basic concept of PNC.
1 	Second, we survey and discuss recent key results in the three aforementioned areas.
1 	Third, we examine a critical issue in PNC: synchronization.
0 	It has been a common belief that PNC requires tight synchronization.
0 	Our recent results suggest, however, that PNC may actually benefit from asynchrony.
1 	Fourth, we propose that PNC is not just for wireless networks; it can also be useful in optical networks.
1 	We provide an example showing that the throughput of a passive optical network (PON) could potentially be raised by 100% with PNC.


# 62
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.6024v1
## Optimum Sleep-Wake Scheduling of Sensors for Quickest Event Detection in Small Extent Wireless Sensor Networks

1 	We consider the problem of quickest event detection with sleep-wake scheduling in small extent wireless sensor networks in which, at each time slot, each sensor node in the awake state observes a sample and communicates the information to the fusion centre.
0 	The sensor nodes in the sleep state do not sample or communicate any information to the fusion centre (FC), thereby conserving energy.
0 	At each time slot, the FC, after having received the samples from the sensor nodes in the wake state, makes a decision to stop (and thus declare that the event has occurred) or to continue observing.
0 	If it decides to continue, the FC also makes the decision of choosing the number of sensor nodes to be in the wake state in the next time slot.
1 	We consider three alternative approaches to the problem of choosing the number of sensor nodes to be in the wake state in time slot k+1, based on the information available at time slot k, namely, 
1 	1.optimal control of M_{k+1}, the number of sensor nodes to be in the awake state in time slot k+1, 
1 	2.optimal control of q_{k+1}, the probability of a sensor node to be in the awake state in time slot k+1, and
1 	3.optimal probability q that a sensor node is in the awake state in any time slot.
2 	In each case, we formulate the problem as a sequential decision process.
2 	We show that a sufficient statistic for the decision at time k is the a posteriori probability of change Pi_k.
2 	Also, we show that the optimal stopping rule is a threshold rule on Pi_k.
2	The optimal policy for M_{k+1} can keep very few sensors wake during the prechange phase and then quickly increase the number of sensors in the wake state when a change is "suspected".
2 	Among the three sleep-wake algorithms described, we observe that the total cost is minimum for the optimum control of M_{k+1} and is maximum for the optimum control on q.


# 63
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.2606v1
## Tensor-Based Link Prediction in Intermittently Connected Wireless Networks

0 	Through several studies, it has been highlighted that mobility patterns in mobile networks are driven by human behaviors.
0 	This effect has been particularly observed in intermittently connected networks like DTN (Delay Tolerant Networks).
0 	Given that common social intentions generate similar human behavior, it is relevant to exploit this knowledge in the network protocols design, e.g. to identify the closeness degree between two nodes.
1 	In this paper, we propose a temporal link prediction technique for DTN which quantifies the behavior similarity between each pair of nodes and makes use of it to predict future links.
0 	Our prediction method keeps track of the spatio-temporal aspects of nodes behaviors organized as a third-order tensor that aims to records the evolution of the network topology.
1 	After collapsing the tensor information, we compute the degree of similarity for each pair of nodes using the Katz measure.
0 	This metric gives us an indication on the link occurrence between two nodes relying on their closeness.
1 	We show the efficiency of this method by applying it on three mobility traces: two real traces and one synthetic trace.
1 	Through several simulations, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the technique regarding another approach based on a similarity metric used in DTN.
0 	The validity of this method is proven when the computation of score is made in a distributed way (i.e. with local information).
2 	We attest that the tensor-based technique is effective for temporal link prediction applied to the intermittently connected networks.
2 	Furthermore, we think that this technique can go beyond the realm of DTN and we believe this can be further applied on every case of figure in which there is a need to derive the underlying social structure of a network of mobile users.


# 64
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.2776v1
## Vehicular Ad Hoc and Sensor Networks; Principles and Challenges

0 	The rapid increase of vehicular traffic and congestion on the highways began hampering the safe and efficient movement of traffic.
0 	Consequently, year by year, we see the ascending rate of car accidents and casualties in most of the countries.
0 	Therefore, exploiting the new technologies, e.g. wireless sensor networks, is required as a solution of reduction of these saddening and reprehensible statistics.
0 	This has motivated us to propose a novel and comprehensive system to utilize Wireless Sensor Networks for vehicular networks.
1 	We coin the vehicular network employing wireless Sensor networks as Vehicular Ad Hoc and Sensor Network, or VASNET in short.
0 	The proposed VASNET is particularly for highway traffic.
0	VASNET is a self-organizing Ad Hoc and sensor network comprised of a large number of sensor nodes.
0 	In VASNET there are two kinds of sensor nodes, some are embedded on the vehicles-vehicular nodes- and others are deployed in predetermined distances besides the highway road, known as Road Side Sensor nodes (RSS).
0 	The vehicular nodes are used to sense the velocity of the vehicle for instance.
0 	We can have some Base Stations (BS) such as Police Traffic Station, Firefighting Group and Rescue Team.
0 	The base stations may be stationary or mobile.
0 	VASNET provides capability of wireless communication between vehicular nodes and stationary nodes, to increase safety and comfort for vehicles on the highway roads.
1 	In this paper we explain main fundamentals and challenges of VASNET.


# 65
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.5494v1
## Geographic Trough Filling for Internet Datacenters

0 	To reduce datacenter energy consumption and cost, current practice has considered demand-proportional resource provisioning schemes, where servers are turned on/off according to the load of requests.
0 	Most existing work considers instantaneous (Internet) requests only, which are explicitly or implicitly assumed to be delay-sensitive.
0 	On the other hand, in datacenters, there exist a vast amount of delay-tolerant jobs, such as background/maintainance jobs.
1 	In this paper, we explicitly differentiate delay-sensitive jobs and delay tolerant jobs.
1 	We focus on the problem of using delay-tolerant jobs to fill the extra capacity of datacenters, referred to as trough/valley filling.
1 	Giving a higher priority to delay-sensitive jobs, our schemes complement to most existing demand-proportional resource provisioning schemes.
1 	Our goal is to design intelligent trough filling mechanisms that are energy efficient and also achieve good delay performance.
1 	Specifically, we propose two joint dynamic speed scaling and traffic shifting schemes, one subgradient-based and the other queue-based.
1 	Our schemes assume little statistical information of the system, which is usually difficult to obtain in practice.
0 	In both schemes, energy cost saving comes from dynamic speed scaling, statistical multiplexing, electricity price diversity, and service efficiency diversity.
0 	In addition, good delay performance is achieved in the queue-based scheme via load shifting and capacity allocation based on queue conditions.
0 	Practical issues that may arise in datacenter networks are considered, including capacity and bandwidth constraint, service agility constraint, and load shifting cost.
1 	We use both artificial and real datacenter traces to evaluate the proposed schemes.


# 66
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.1147v1
## P2P Domain Classification using Decision Tree

0 	In Peer-to-Peer context, a challenging problem is how to find the appropriate peer to deal with a given query without overly consuming bandwidth?
0 	Different methods proposed routing strategies of queries taking into account the P2P network at hand.
1 	This paper considers an unstructured P2P system based on an organization of peers around Super-Peers that are connected to Super-Super- Peer according to their semantic domains; By analyzing the queries log file, a predictive model that avoids flooding queries in the P2P network is constructed after predicting the appropriate Super-Peer, and hence the peer to answer the query.
0 	A challenging problem in a schema-based Peer-to-Peer (P2P) system is how to locate peers that are relevant to a given query.
1 	In this paper, architecture, based on (Super-)Peers is proposed, focusing on query routing.
1 	The approach to be implemented, groups together (Super-)Peers that have similar interests for an efficient query routing method.
1 	In such groups, called Super-Super-Peers (SSP), Super-Peers submit queries that are often processed by members of this group.
1 	A SSP is a specific Super-Peer which contains knowledge about: 1.its Super-Peers and 2.The other SSP.
1 	Knowledge is extracted by using data mining techniques (e.g. Decision Tree algorithms) starting from queries of peers that transit on the network.
2 	The advantage of this distributed knowledge is that, it avoids making semantic mapping between heterogeneous data sources owned by (Super-)Peers, each time the system decides to route query to other (Super-) Peers.
2 	The set of SSP improves the robustness in queries routing mechanism, and the scalability in P2P Network.
2 	Compared with a baseline approach,the proposal architecture shows the effect of the data mining with better performance in respect to response time and precision.


# 67
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.4306v2
## Enabling Adaptive Rate and Relay Selection for 802.11 Mobile Ad Hoc Networks

0 	Mobile ad hoc networks (MANETs) are self-configuring wireless networks that lack permanent infrastructure and are formed among mobile nodes on demand.
0 	Rapid node mobility results in dramatic channel variation, or fading, that degrades MANET performance.
0 	Employing channel state information (CSI) at the transmitter can improve the throughput of routing and medium access control (MAC) protocols for mobile ad hoc networks.
0 	Several routing algorithms in the literature explicitly incorporate the fading signal strength into the routing metric, thus selecting the routes with strong channel conditions.
0 	While these studies show that adaptation to the time-variant channel gain is beneficial in MANETs, they do not address the effect of the outdated fading CSI at the transmitter.
0 	For realistic mobile node speeds, the channel gain is rapidly varying, and becomes quickly outdated due the feedback delay.
1 	We analyze the link throughput of joint rate adaptation and adaptive relay selection in the presence of imperfect CSI.
1 	Moreover, for an 802.11 network that employs geographic opportunistic routing with adaptive rate and relay selection, we propose a novel method to reduce the effect of the feedback delay at the MAC layer in the presence of Rayleigh fading.
0 	This method exploits channel reciprocity and fading prediction and does not require significant modification to the existing 802.11 frame structure.
0 	Extensive network simulations demonstrate that the proposed approach significantly improves the throughput, delay, and packet delivery ratio for high mobile velocities relative to previously proposed approaches that employ outdated CSI at the transmitter.


# 68
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.2270v1
## Noise Analysis and Detection Based on RF Energy Duration in wireless LAN

0 	Noise is the major problem while working with wireless LAN.
1 	In this paper we analyze the noise by using active receiving antenna and also propose the detection mechanism based on RF energy duration.
0 	The standard back off mechanism of 802.11 wireless LAN (WLAN) increases the contention window when a transmission failure occurs in order to alleviate contentions in a WLAN.
0 	In addition, many proposed schemes for 802.11 WLAN behave adaptively to transmission failures.
0 	Transmission failures in WLANs occur mostly by two causes: collision and channel noise.
0 	However, in 802.11 WLAN, a station cannot know the cause of a transmission failure, thus the adaptive schemes assume the ideal situation in which all transmission failures occur by only one of two causes.
0 	For this reason, they may behave erroneously in a real world where transmission failures occur by both causes.
1 	In this paper, we propose a novel scheme to detect collision, which utilizes transmission time information and RF energy duration on the channel.
2 	By detecting collisions, a station can differentiate the causes of transmission failures and the adaptive schemes can operate correctly by using the detection information.


# 69
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.3425v1
## CellSense: An Accurate Energy-Efficient GSM Positioning System

0 	Context-aware applications have been gaining huge interest in the last few years.
0 	With cell phones becoming ubiquitous computing devices, cell phone localization has become an important research problem.
1 	In this paper, we present CellSense, a prob- abilistic RSSI-based fingerprinting location determination system for GSM phones.
1 	We discuss the chal- lenges of implementing a probabilistic fingerprinting localization technique in GSM networks and present the details of the CellSense systemand how it addresses these challenges.
1 	We then extend the proposed system using a hybrid technique that combines probabilistic and deterministic estimation to achieve both high ac- curacy and low computational overhead.
0 	Moreover, the accuracy of the hybrid technique is robust to changes in its parameter values.
1 	To evaluate our proposed system, we implemented CellSense on Android-based phones.
2 	Results from two different testbeds, representing urban and rural environments, for three different cellular providers show that CellSense provides at least 108.57% enhancement in accuracy in rural areas and at least 89.03% in urban areas compared to the current state of the art RSSI-based GSM localization systems.
2 	In additional, the proposed hybrid technique provides more than 6 times and 5.4 times reduction in computational requirements compared to the state of the art RSSI-based GSM localization systems for the rural and urban testbeds respectively.
2 	We also evaluate the effect of changing the different system parameters on the accuracy-complexity tradeoff and how the cell towers density and fingerprint density affect the system performance.


# 70
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.3579v1
## Network on Chip: a New Approach of QoS Metric Modeling Based on Calculus Theory

0 	A NoC is composed by IP cores (Intellectual Propriety) and switches connected among themselves by communication channels.
0 	End-to-End Delay (EED) communication is accomplished by the exchange of data among IP cores.
0	Often, the structure of particular messages is not adequate for the communication purposes.
0 	This leads to the concept of packet switching.
0 	In the context of NoCs, packets are composed by header, payload, and trailer.
0 	Packets are divided into small pieces called Flits.
0 	It appears of importance, to meet the required performance in NoC hardware resources.
0 	It should be specified in an earlier step of the system design.
0 	The main attention should be given to the choice of some network parameters such as the physical buffer size in the node.
0 	The EED and packet loss are some of the critical QoS metrics.
0 	Some real-time and multimedia applications bound up these parameters and require specific hardware resources and particular management approaches in the NoC switch.
0 	A traffic contract (SLA, Service Level Agreement) specifies the ability of a network or protocol to give guaranteed performance, throughput or latency bounds based on mutually agreed measures, usually by prioritizing traffic.
0 	A defined Quality of Service (QoS) may be required for some types of network real time traffic or multimedia applications.
0 	The main goal of this paper is, using the Network on Chip modeling architecture, to define a QoS metric.
1 	We focus on the network delay bound and packet losses.
1 	This approach is based on the Network Calculus theory, a mathematical model to represent the data flows behavior between IPs interconnected over NoC.
1 	We propose an approach of QoS-metric based on QoS-parameter prioritization factors for multi applications-service using calculus model.


# 71
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1111.2619v1
## A Security Architecture for Data Aggregation and Access Control in Smart Grids

1 	We propose an integrated architecture for smart grids, that supports data aggregation and access control.
0 	Data can be aggregated by home area network, building area network and neighboring area network in such a way that the privacy of customers is protected.
1 	We use homomorphic encryption technique to achieve this.
0 	The consumer data that is collected is sent to the substations where it is monitored by remote terminal units (RTU).
0 	The proposed access control mechanism gives selective access to consumer data stored in data repositories and used by different smart grid users.
0 	Users can be maintenance units, utility centers, pricing estimator units or analyzing and prediction groups.
1 	We solve this problem of access control using cryptographic technique of attribute-based encryption.
0 	RTUs and users have attributes and cryptographic keys distributed by several key distribution centers (KDC).
0 	RTUs send data encrypted under a set of attributes.
0 	Users can decrypt information provided they have valid attributes.
0 	The access control scheme is distributed in nature and does not rely on a single KDC to distribute keys.
0 	Bobba \emph{et al.}\cite{BKAA09} proposed an access control scheme, which relies on a centralized KDC and is thus prone to single-point failure.
0 	The other requirement is that the KDC has to be online, during data transfer which is not required in our scheme.
0 	Our access control scheme is collusion resistant, meaning that users cannot collude and gain access to data, when they are not authorized to access.
2 	We theoretically analyze our schemes and show that the computation overheads are low enough to be carried out in smart grids.
2 	To the best of our knowledge, ours is the first work on smart grids, which integrates these two important security components (privacy preserving data aggregation and access control) and presents an overall security architecture in smart grids.


# 72
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.0097v1
## 1-D Coordinate Based on Local Information for MAC and Routing Issues in WSNs

0 	More and more critical Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) applications are emerging.
0 	Those applications need reliability and respect of time constraints.
0 	The underlying mechanisms such as MAC and routing must handle such requirements.
1	Our approach to the time constraint problem is to bound the hop-count between a node and the sink and the time it takes to do a hop so the end-to-end delay can be bounded and the communications are thus real-time.
1 	For reliability purpose we propose to select forwarder nodes depending on how they are connected in the direction of the sink.
1 	In order to be able to do so we need a coordinate (or a metric) that gives information on hop-count, that allows to strongly differentiate nodes and gives information on the connectivity of each node keeping in mind the intrinsic constraints of WSWs such as energy consumption, autonomy, etc.
0 	Due to the efficiency and scalability of greedy routing in WSNs and the financial cost of GPS chips, Virtual Coordinate Systems (VCSs) for WSNs have been proposed.
0 	A category of VCSs is based on the hop-count from the sink, this scheme leads to many nodes having the same coordinate.
0 	The main advantage of this system is that the hops number of a packet from a source to the sink is known.
0 	Nevertheless, it does not allow to differentiate the nodes with the same hop-count.
1 	In this report we propose a novel hop-count-based VCS which aims at classifying the nodes having the same hop-count depending on their connectivity and at differentiating nodes in a 2-hop neighborhood.
0 	Those properties make the coordinates, which also can be viewed as a local identifier, a very powerful metric which can be used in WSNs mechanisms.


# 73
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.1480v1
## Multiuser Cellular Network

0 	Modern radio communication is faced with a problem about how to distribute restricted frequency to users in a certain space.
0 	Since our task is to minimize the number of repeaters, a natural idea is enlarging coverage area.
0 	However, coverage has restrictions.
0 	First, service area has to be divided economically as repeater's coverage is limited.
0 	In this paper, our fundamental method is to adopt seamless cellular network division.
0 	Second, underlying physics content in frequency distribution problem is interference between two close frequencies.
1 	Consequently, we choose a proper frequency width of 0.1MHz and a relevantly reliable setting to apply one frequency several times.
1 	We make a few general assumptions to simplify real situation.
1 	For instance, immobile users yield to homogenous distribution; repeaters can receive and transmit information in any given frequency in duplex operation; coverage is mainly decided by antenna height.
1 	Two models are built up to solve 1000 users and 10000 users situations respectively.
1 	In order to utilize restricted frequency and PL code, three stratified terms - "cell", "cluster", "group" - are introduced to describe the models in detail.
2 	Under our analysis, 91 repeaters for 1000 users and 469 repeaters for 10000 users are viable results.
1 	Next, to test stability and sensitivity of models, we give total consideration to the variation of sum of users, antenna height, and frequency width and service radius.
2 	Evaluation about models is offered qualitatively.
2 	Finally, two practical cases are put forward to gain a partial knowledge of mountainous area.
2 	The brief method in dealing with mountains is classified discussion in two ideal conditions.
2	It may provide some constructive suggestions to avoid shortcomings or take proper measures in similar locations.


# 74
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.4955v2
## Coded Path Protection: Efficient Conversion of Sharing to Coding

0 	Link failures in wide area networks are common and cause significant data losses.
0 	Mesh-based protection schemes offer high capacity efficiency but they are slow and require complex signaling.
0 	Additionally, real-time reconfiguration of a cross-connect threatens their transmission integrity.
0 	On the other hand, coding-based protection schemes are proactive.
0 	Therefore, they have higher restoration speed, lower signaling complexity, and higher transmission integrity.
0 	This paper introduces a coding-based protection scheme, named Coded Path Protection (CPP).
0 	In CPP, a backup copy of the primary data is encoded with other data streams, resulting in capacity savings.
0 	This paper presents an optimal and simple capacity placement and coding group formation algorithm.
0 	The algorithm converts the sharing structure of any solution of a Shared Path Protection (SPP) technique into a coding structure with minimum extra capacity.
1 	We conducted quantitative and qualitative comparisons of our technique with the SPP and, another technique, known as p-cycle protection.
2 	Simulation results confirm that the CPP is significantly faster than the SPP and p-cycle techniques.
2 	CPP incurs marginal extra capacity on top of SPP.
2 	Its capacity efficiency is lower than the p-cycle technique for dense networks but can be higher for sparse networks.
2 	In addition, unlike p-cycle protection, CPP is inherently suitable for the wavelength continuity constraint in optical networks.


# 75
### http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.2041v1
## Towards MAC/Anycast Diversity in IEEE 802.11n MIMO Networks

0 	Opportunistic Routing (OR) is a novel routing technique for wireless mesh networks that exploits the broadcast nature of the wireless medium.
0 	OR combines frames from multiple receivers and therefore creates a form of Spatial Diversity, called MAC Diversity.
0 	The gain from OR is especially high in networks where the majority of links has a high packet loss probability.
0 	The updated IEEE 802.11n standard improves the physical layer with the ability to use multiple transmit and receive antennas, i.e. Multiple-Input and Multiple-Output (MIMO), and therefore already offers spatial diversity on the physical layer, i.e. called Physical Diversity, which improves the reliability of a wireless link by reducing its error rate.
1 	In this paper we quantify the gain from MAC diversity as utilized by OR in the presence of PHY diversity as provided by a MIMO system like 802.11n.
1 	We experimented with an IEEE 802.11n indoor testbed and analyzed the nature of packet losses.
2 	Our experiment results show negligible MAC diversity gains for both interference-prone 2.4 GHz and interference-free 5 GHz channels when using 802.11n.
2 	This is different to the observations made with single antenna systems based on 802.11b/g, as well as in initial studies with 802.11n.